                                           ®




            2013 lineup




Aluminum,   fiberglass and   Jon   Boats
AT PROGRESSIVE, WE KNOW THERE’S MORE TO BOATING THAN BOATS.
That’s why we offer coverage for things like fishing rods, bass lures and trolling motors.
And with Total Loss Replacement coverage, we’ll even buy you a brand-new boat.
So you’re free to focus on the important stuff. Like catching that 8-lb largemouth.




LOCAL AGENT                          PROGRESSIVE.COM



Progressive Casualty Ins. Co. & its affiliates, Mayfield Village, OH. Total Loss Replacement coverage is subject to policy terms, and is not
available for all boats and coverage selections. Available in most states. 11D00381 (05/11)
Psi
PRESIDENT’S NOTE
Photo by Bill Lindner                                                                                                                  ®



                                                                                                 President, Lund Boats
                                                                                                 Dirk Hyde
                                                                                                 Marketing Director
                                                                                                 Jason Oakes
                                                                                                 Marketing Manager

                                 Back to                                                         Tony Kolker




                                 Our Roots                                                       LUND
                                                                                                 M aga z i n e
                                 At times it seems the world is changing at                      President/Publisher
                                                                                                 Douglas Leik
                                 lightning speed. The daily pace of life is certainly quicker.
                                                                                                 Account Executive
                                 We receive up-to-the-minute news from around the globe,         Annie Brown
                                 and by the time we figure out how to use the latest tech-
                                 nology, a newer, faster version has already taken its place.
                                                                                                 Editorial Director
                                 It’s exciting, without a doubt. But sometimes it’s nice to      Randy Hess
                                 stop, take a deep breath and remember to enjoy the world        Managing Editor
                                 around us.                                                      Roger Kamholz
                                    Perhaps for you, hopping onboard your Lund and               Deputy Editor
                                                                                                 Amy Wideman
                                 spending an afternoon amid the serenity of nature is just
                                 the ticket. Out there, you can actually hear yourself           Senior Editor
                                                                                                 Elli Thompson
                                 think! You also get the chance to really challenge
                                                                                                 Content Marketing Associate
                                 yourself. When in hot pursuit of a catch, you want to focus     Kaz Suzuki
                                 only on jigging and casting technique s — not about keep-       Editor At Large
                                 ing your boat on course. Thankfully, Lund leads the             Jennifer Chesak
                                 industry in boat control, with cutting-edge design and          Contributors
                                 features that ensure you never have to worry about veer-        John Janowiak, Dave Mull
                                 ing from a hot spot. Read about Lund’s superior boat
                                 control on page 6.                                              Creative Director

              “ Lund leads the      Getting out on the water also has a magical way of
                                 slowing time. Laid-back fishing days seem even more
                                                                                                 Russell Duncan
                                                                                                 Digital Creative Director
                                                                                                 Kraig Devenport
                                 relaxing, and family time seems even more special. Just
              industry in boat   ask Kevin Madigan, a Lund Pro Staff member who rel-
                                                                                                 Production Director
                                                                                                 Robyn Bendle
                                 ishes time aboard his 2075 Pro-V with his 8-year-old son,
      control, with cutting-     Joshua (page 20). Or take it from Bill Zlupko, who fishes
                                                                                                 Art Director
                                                                                                 Nathan Vrabel
                                 Colorado’s tranquil Carter Lake to get away from it all —
              edge design and    and to pull in some nice fish— sometimes with buddies,
                                                                                                 Graphic Designer
                                                                                                 Brittany Huisenga
                                 sometimes alone. The thrill of catching a walleye is            Graphic Designer
        features that ensure     enough to rejuvenate any fisherman’s soul. (See page 10.)       Arlene Waclawek

                                    The folks at Lund recognize the important role our           Photographers
             you never have to   boats play in savoring the good life and, this summer, the
                                                                                                 Mike Calabro, Bill Lindner,
                                                                                                 Dave Mull, Scott Pederson
                                 Amadeus Steen Foundation’s annual Bobby Hull Fishing
        worry about veering      Experience was a tribute to that. Anglers throughout the
            from a hot spot. ”   U.S. and Canada joined former hockey pro Bobby Hull
                                 and Lund Pro Staff members in a fierce fishing tourna-
                                 ment on scenic Lake of the Woods in Ontario. All proceeds       Lund magazine is published
                                                                                                 two times a year for Lund Boats,
                                 went toward supporting children’s health care (page 16).        by Dino Publishing LLC. Any
                                    So when you need a hefty dose of relaxation and a            correspondence should be directed to:
                                 reminder of what’s truly important in life, turn off the cell   Dino Publishing,
                                                                                                 350 W. Hubbard St, Suite 400
                                 phone (or at least put it on silent!), hop onboard your         Chicago, IL 60654
                                 Lund, and soak up all that nature has to offer.                 Tel: 312-822-9266
                                                                                                 Fax: 312-822-9268
                                                                                                 email: dleik@dinopublishing.com
                                 Dirk Hyde
                                 President, Lund Boats
                                                                                                 The opinions expressed in this magazine are
                                                                                                 not to be considered ofﬁcial expressions of
                                                                                                 Dino Publishing or Lund Boats. The publisher
                                                                                                 reserves the right to accept or reject all
                                                                                                 editorial or advertising matter. The publisher
                                                                                                 assumes no responsibility for unsolicited
                                                                                                 manuscripts, photographs, or artwork. Re-
                                                                                                 production in whole or in part of any text,
                                                                                                 photograph, or illustration without prior writ-
                                                                                                 ten permission from the publisher is strictly
                                                                                                 prohibited. Printed in U.S.A.

                                                                                                 Copyright © 2012 Lund Boats.
                                                                                          CTTS
                                                                                          TABLE OF CONTENTS
                                                                                          FALL 2012 | VOLUME 4 ISSUE 1




                                                                                           FEATURES

                                                                                           10 On the Front Range
                                                                                               Walleye fisherman Bill Zlupko
                                                                                               takes his 2075 Pro-V on the
                                                                                               deep reservoirs of Colorado’s
                                                                                               Front Range region.

                                                                                           16 Fishing Face-off
                                                                                               Hockey pros, Lund pros and a
                                                                                               host of regular—but just as
                                                                                               diehard—fishermen, compete
                                                                                               for a good cause.
                                                                                                                                               10
                                                                                           20 Quality Time
                                                                                               Kevin Madigan and his 8-year-old son, Joshua, spend a
                                                                                               day on scenic Lake Powell aboard a 1700 Fisherman,
                                                                                               casting lines and bonding.

                                                                     20
DEPARTMENTS
04 First Cast
  Lund takes charge, coverage you can count on,
  how to winterize your engine and more.

06 Best-Built
  Lund boats deliver the best boat control in the
  aluminum fish-boat industry, helping you stay
  on the fish from start to finish.

08 Legendary Lund
  Lund engineers focused on redesigning and
  perfecting some of its current boats, and adding
  a couple of new ones to the lineup.




                                                                                      ®




                                                        lineup




               On the cover:
           A Lund 2075 Pro-V provides
               stability and space for a
           couple of Minnesota anglers
                   to make a big catch.    Aluminum,   fiberglass and   Jon   Boats




              Photo by Scott Pederson.
                                                                                                                                                16
                                                                              MODEL                                  ST YLING                             MPG                                 CARGO
                                                                              ACADIA DENALI                          CHROME ACCENTS                       17 CITY/24 HWY *                    116.9 CU FT **


                                                                              BEAUTY IS MORE THAN CHROME DEEP.
                                                                              At first look, the GMC Acadia Denali is all about chrome. But you can only get so far on good looks
                                                                              alone. It seats up to eight passengers, and the convenient one-handed operation of the Smart Slide
                                                                              seating gives you easy access to the third row. Or fold all seats flat and get up to 116.9 cu ft of cargo
                                                                              room —more than any other midsize crossover. All proof that what’s on the inside counts, too.

                                                                              WE ARE PROFESSIONAL GRADE.




*EPA estimated.   **With second- and third-row seats folded. Cargo and load capacity limited by weight and distribution.   ©2012 General Motors. All rights reserved. Acadia® Denali® GMC® Smart Slide® WE ARE PROFESSIONAL GRADE®
lu.fa12.first_cast_Layout 1 8/22/12 11:01 AM Page 4




          FIRST
           Gear, news and ideas to deliver the
           ultimate fishing experience.




                                                           Leaders of the Pack
                                                           Nothing gets in the way of a Lund angler in hot pursuit of walleye—not even serious
                                                           waves and thick fog. Several teams aboard Lunds led the way during the 25th
                  For more information on Lund-sponsored   annual Masters Walleye Circuit Spring Valley Tournament in Illinois this past March.
                 tournaments and Lund’s tournament-ready   Dan Johnson of Ohio hauled in 19.96 total pounds of walleye to win the overall
                      boats, visit www.lundboats.com.      competition. To follow Lund anglers on various tournament circuits, and to see Lund
                                                           event photos, follow Lund Boats on Facebook.




                                                                                                                                                  Photo courtesy of Lund’s Facebook page.




      4 | LUND                                                                                                            www.lundboats.com
                                  A SOUNDER SHOE
                                Although you can always rely on your rock-solid Lund to keep you steady
                                   on the water, you can’t always predict when nasty weather comes your
                                      way. Answer the forces of nature with the Sperry Top-Sider Sounder
                                          boat shoe with SON-R Technology, which will help you feel and
                                                  react to any condition you may face onboard your boat.
                                                     The SON-R technology can heighten your natural sen-
                                                      sory responses by transferring information from the
                                                      ground to your feet through pods on the bottom of
                                                      the shoe, practically allowing you to see with your
                                                   feet! HydroGrip Rubber ensures maximum traction on a
wet boat, and internal drainage promotes super-fast drying once the weather clears. Thanks to your Lund
and Sperry Sounders, you’ll always be aware of what’s happening beneath your feet and be one step ahead
of Mother Nature! VISIT WWW.SPERRYTOPSIDER.COM FOR MORE INFORMATION.



        COMPLETE COVERAGE
                                                                                                                      Keep on Truckin’
   When you shop for insurance, it’s important to                                                                     Your ever-reliable Lund conquers even the most
   make sure you have the right coverage so you can be                                                                challenging of northwoods lakes, so choose a
   worry-free on the water. If you own a Lund, there’s                                                                vehicle that gets you there and back with just
   a good chance you’re an angler or a water-skier. If                                                                as much dependability. The GMC Sierra 2500
   that’s the case, here are a few coverages to ask your                                                              Denali HD Crew Cab boasts a frame of high-
   insurance company about:                                                                                           strength steel that increases structural rigidity
   • Fishing Equipment coverage helps pay for gear                                                                    and resists bending, twisting and shaking for a
     that’s stolen or lost or falls overboard.                                                                        sturdy, smooth ride. Inside, this rugged machine
                                                                                                                      features incredible comfort and innovative
   • Watersports coverage is automatically included in                                                                technology. And, most importantly, Sierra
     Bodily Injury and Property Damage Liability cover-                                                               2500 Denali HD comes with many features that
     age, and helps pay for injuries or damages caused                                                                will make your fishing road trips safe, reliable
     while doing activities like water-skiing, kneeboard-                                                             and fun:
     ing, wakeboarding or tubing.
                                                                                                                      • StabiliTrak™ stability control system
   • Personal Effects coverage protects cameras, cell
                                                                                                                      • Rearview camera system
     phones and other items that you carry onboard.
                                                                                                                      • Ultrasonic rear parking assist
   Progressive can help you understand what you
   need, so you can hit the waves with confidence.                                                                    • XM NAV Traffic®
   Talk to an agent, call (800) PROGRESSIVE, or go to       Progressive Casualty Ins. Co. & affiliates. Coverage is   • XM Radio
   www.progressive.com.                                     subject to policy terms and conditions
                                                                                                                      • 12-way power control leather bucket seats
                                                                                                                      • Automatic Grade Braking technology
          For more information on what to look for when selecting boat insurance,
                              visit www.boaterschoice.com.                                                            • Tire pressure monitoring system

                                                                                                                       For more information, visit www.gmc.com.



                             The Right Additive
                               Make sure your Lund remains in prime condition over the winter months. ValvTect Ethanol Gasoline Treatment
                             (VEGA) is specially formulated for marine engines and is proven to be the best solution for winterizing pure gasoline
                             or ethanol-blended gasoline. VEGA provides stabilization for up to one year or more, prevents corrosion of internal
                             engine components and helps prevent phase separation.
                               To prove the total performance of VEGA, ValvTect Petroleum authorized a series of independent laboratory tests at
                             one of the nation’s leading petroleum laboratories. VEGA was found to improve the stability of E10 (90% gasoline,
                             10% ethanol) by 186%. It received a perfect A rating in corrosion prevention, and showed the ability to help
                             prevent phase separation during winter storage. For more information, visit www.valvtect.com.




www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                               LUND | 5
  BT-BUILT
     BEST-BUILT
     Story by Elli Thompson | Photos by Scott Pederson




           Control
           Freak
           When maneuvering around a favorite lake, idling over structure or battling
           the elements, Lund’s boat control keeps you in position


                                                                                                            Overall, Lund boats feature impeccable balance
                                                                                                        that’s unmatched in the industry. The centered weight
                                                                                                        of the hull creates ideal performance when running
                                                                                                        and a steady balance while at rest. “If there’s too much
                                                                                                        weight in the back of the boat, the bow sticks out
                                                                                                        more,” Rory says. “A Lund’s weight is centered and low
                                                                                                        so that you always sit flat on the water.”
           Reverse                                                                          Reverse         Boat control really comes into play when using
            Chine                                                                           Chine
                             Strake                                       Strake                        fishing techniques that require incredibly specific

                                                  Keel & Pad

                                       COMPETITOR FOOTPRINT
                                                                                                        “Lund boats do the best job of boat
                                        LUND IPS™ FOOTPRINT
                                                                                                         control in the fishing boat category.”

                                                                                                        maneuvering at less than 5 mph. For instance,
                                                                                                        when fishing structure or a sharp drop along the
      IN MOST SITUATIONS, A CONTROL FREAK ISN’T LOOKED UPON FAVORABLY.                                  shoreline for species such as walleye, you need the
      The overbearing parent, the demanding boss, the “my way or the highway” friend—they all           utmost control to keep your Lund over a certain zone
      can leave us feeling a bit exhausted. But in the case of fishing boats, you can’t get much bet-   where the fish are clustered. Lund’s responsiveness—
      ter than a control freak. In fact, if you’re fishing in anything with less than perfect boat      during both forward and backward trolling—allows
      control, your game is severely impaired.                                                          for this kind of tracking, helping you stay on the fish.
          Lund has taken pains to perfect its boat control capabilities, and the results show—in        “You want to be able to follow breaks precisely,”
      customer feedback and in the number of tournament wins and fish caught. Take it from Rory         Rory says. “If you’re not on that break, you’re not
      Wiebe, Lund’s product manager, and Paul Zarn, Lund’s engineering manager, who recently            catching fish. When you’re trolling forward, typically
      placed second at a tournament on Lake of the Prairies in Manitoba, Canada. “Lund boats do         most boats will track a little easier because they’re
      the best job of boat control in the fishing boat category,” Rory says. “Our hulls have a unique   designed to go forward. Our boats, however, track
      shape, and they feature several key components that allow for precise control.”                   fantastically going backward, as well.”
          The first of these key components is Lund’s storied IPS™ (Integrated Power Strake)                This kind of control is especially important when
      hull. The IPS hull features a 10-inch-wide flat surface down the center of the boat. This flat    the forces of nature come into play. The ability to
      pad lifts the boat slightly higher out of the water than most boats, which leads to better per-   counteract elements that affect speed and direction is
      formance at full speed. The flat pad also reduces churn, putting less strain on the motor. The    crucial when pursuing a hot spot. Using drift socks,
      IPS™ 2 hull helps larger boats produce the same smooth, dry ride, thanks to a deeper V            anchors, fishfinders, weighted lines and planer boards
      and additional power strakes.                                                                     can all assist in your pursuit of control, but if the very
          The second key feature in Lund’s boat control is the keel. The pronounced blade dips          platform you’re fishing from is unreliable, you’ll end
      into the water during slower turns, helping the boat to stay on track. Like a train running       up with a stressful and unsuccessful fishing outing.
      the exact path of the tracks in front of it, Lund boats follow your maneuvers with precision.     Lund’s stellar boat control puts you and keeps you
          A third key feature is Lund’s set of reverse chines. Extra wide, the reverse chines oper-     where you need to be to reel in a whopper, proving
      ate like trim tabs, keeping spray to a minimum for optimal stability, and allowing for exact      that sometimes it’s good to have a control freak in
      cornering maneuvers.                                                                              your corner.




6 | LUND                                                                                                                              www.lundboats.com
          Lund’s IPS system delivers
incredibly precise maneuvering that
  allows anglers to tightly track fish.
  GDY LU
     LEGENDARY LUND
     Story by Elli Thompson | Photos by Scott Pederson




           Change
           for the Better
           New models and a couple of revamped classics make Lund’s fleet of fishing
           boats ready to tackle 2013




                                                                                                         Lund’s other big overhaul for 2013 applied to the
                                                                                                      1650 Rebel XL. The wildly popular Rebel series caters
                                                                                                      to boaters who want to fish, ski and cruise with the
                                                                                                      family. With the 1650’s compact, approachable design,
                                                                                                      Lund engineers wanted to maximize onboard space
                                                                                                      as much as possible. The length increased by 3 inches,
                                                                                                      and several interior components were refigured to
      IN A LARGE FAMILY, it’s important to make each individual member feel important. The            give the layout a roomier, more inviting feel. Overall,
      same goes for Lund’s extensive lineup of fishing boats. With many skilled and unique mem-       the cockpit area gained a massive 7 inches. The side
      bers in its fish-ready crew, Lund focused its 2013 model-year plan on improving individual      locker features a lower area for reels to hang so they
      models’ most important assets and adding a few upgraded boats to the mix. The result is a       don’t lie on top of each other, and the aft livewell was
      no-stone-left-unturned polishing of the Lund lineup—and a host of boats for every angler out    redesigned to accommodate storage for a trolling
      there. “For model year 2013, we focused more on each project, trying to maximize what we        motor battery. Lund’s engineers also made the bow
      could do in each boat,” says Rory Wiebe, Lund’s product manager. “We looked at what set         uniform in height. “If you’re fighting a fish,” Rory
      each boat apart and how we could improve on those things.”                                      says, “you can walk along the rod locker to the back
         Last spring, Lund welcomed a newcomer to its lineup: the 1875 Crossover. This family-        deck without losing your footing.”
      focused, do-it-all boat paved the way in many of its features, including its deep hull design      Lund also added another rugged-and-ready boat
      and spacious storage. The Tyee series is closely related to the Crossover and, therefore, was   to its A & WD series: the C-16. The C-16 is the
      due for its own refresher. The all-new 1900 Tyee and 1800 Tyee feature a deep hull, which       largest boat in the series, offering anglers even more
      is advantageous for big-water fishing and trolling in open water. The deeper freeboard in-      onboard space for hauling equipment.
      creases safety and security for families. Both models boast the newly improved bow                 Besides functionality, Lund added some spice to its
      conversion deck, which changes the bow from an open layout to a casting platform with           exterior designs. The Crossover offers unique graph-
      storage for an optional cooler. Redesigned rod storage provides easier access, and the aft      ics and hull colors in white and titanium silver,
      livewell gained capacity. “Fish in an aft livewell don’t get bounced around as much,” Rory      reflecting its sporty nature. And the 1650 Rebel XL
      says. “So it made a lot of sense to enhance that space.”                                        now comes with an optional two-tone paint job for a
         In addition, a larger rear casting deck improves maneuverability, and the updated con-       sleek appearance while underway.
      sole features a new design with lighted switches. Perhaps the 1900 and 1800 Tyee’s most
      original feature is the extremely comfortable new convertible lounge chair option. A rear       For more details on Lund’s new and refreshed models for 2013, flip
      flip-up seat doubles as a forward-facing passenger seat and a reverse-facing lounger.           to the catalog section of this magazine.




8 | LUND                                                                                                                                   www.lundboats.com
 “For model year 2013, we focused more on each
project. We looked at what set each boat apart and
     how we could improve on those things.”
lu.fa12.colorado_Layout 1 8/23/12 5:54 PM Page 11




              ———————— On the
              STORY BY JENNIFER CHESAK PHOTOS BY MIKE CALABRO




              FRONT
              RANGE
              ———————




                                                                                               COLORADO STATE LINE


                                                                                    FORT COLLINS
                                                       CARTER LAKE
                                                             Colorado

                                                                          BOULDER     DENVER




                                                            Stanley Reservoir
                                                                                          TO COLORADO SPRINGS
—————


T
  The typical Colorado postcard depicts Brecken-            “Lunds stand up to their durable reputation.
  ridge, Vail or Aspen’s snow-covered slopes—or              In this part of the country, with the rocky
  perhaps the great view from atop the trail sum-
  mit of a 14,000-footer, where snowfields and
                                                             shorelines, aluminum is the way to go.”
  active glaciers sculpt the peaks even in the heat
  of July. The Rocky Mountains certainly are ma-
  jestic, but it’s the state’s manmade reservoirs
  that hold court for unbeatable recreation in the     also help firefighters douse flames.                  Crowley Marine, in Denver, is a diehard Lund
  summer months.                                           The air, void of any humidity, still holds a      loyal. He favors the boats’ incredible resale value.
      Carter Lake, hidden in the foothills just west   singed scent that’s part ominous and part remi-       Before his Pro-V, he owned a 1998 16-foot Pro
  of Loveland and Berthoud, reflects the slopes in     niscent of evening campouts. None will be             Sport, which he later sold on Walleye Central.
  its glassy surface. Staunchly protected by the       allowed this year, though, banned along with          Someone snatched it up in less than an hour.
  state park system, anglers and other boaters         Fourth of July fireworks. The firefighters have       After that, Bill bought a 2007 17-foot Pro Sport.
  need a permit to launch here. Walleye fisherman      enough on their plates, battling late afternoon       “Same thing,” Bill recalls, retrieving a fresh
  Bill Zlupko doesn’t mind the extra rules and reg-    lightning strikes—common this time of year—           nightcrawler. “I put that online, and a guy bought
  ulations. When he puts his Lund 2075 Pro-V in        that easily ignite the brittle pine.                  it right away.
  at the north dock just after sunrise, his is the         The sun, inescapable at Carter Lake’s 5,760-          “Lunds stand up to their durable reputation,”
  only boat out on the 1,000-acre reservoir.           foot elevation, dishes out a punishing 100-plus       he continues. “In this part of the country, with
      Carter Lake is part of the Colorado-Big          degrees. Bill gulps at his bottled water, trying to   the rocky shorelines, aluminum is the way to go.
  Thompson Project, which redirects flow from the      stay hydrated. After finding a slow trolling speed,   On a lot of the lakes out here, you’ll put all of
  West Slope and the Colorado River’s headwaters       he sets up a Lindy rig with a worm on one line,       your gear onboard and go beach up on a shore
  to the state’s Front Range. This summer, with        and adds a split shot rig with a single hook          and camp.” He points to the rugged red-rocked
  forest fires raging near Colorado Springs to the     crawler to the other. He keeps the action about 4     shoreline. “You don’t have to worry about an alu-
  south and Fort Collins to the north, Colorado’s      feet off of the bottom. “We usually have more of a    minum boat.”
  reservoirs have never held more significance. Not    night bite here,” he says, wiping the sweat off his       Bill, a partner in TrueSight Media, a produc-




———
  only do they provide the drinking supply, but        forehead and glancing at his graph.                   tion company that creates several outdoor
  recreational havens like Horsetooth Reservoir            Bill, who bought his boat from family-owned       television and online shows—like Pure Hunting,




12 | LUND                                                                                                                              www.lundboats.com
—


       Opposite Bill enjoys ultimate maneuverability at
    the bow of his Pro-V, which allows him to stay on the
               fish, like the walleye he caught on this run.
         Here: The Mercury FourStroke Verado® engine—
     nearly silent when running—allows Bill to focus on
    netting his catch and basking in the peaceful scenery.




—
Opposite: Bill casts from the Pro-V’s spacious bow,
one of his favorite features. His other? The incredible
boat control while trolling or running at full speed.
Here: Bill fishes Carter Lake, one of several manmade
reservoirs in Colorado’s Front Range. Although used
for drinking water and fighting fires, these deep lakes
are also home to sizeable walleye.




                                                             —




                                                                 TIPS FOR TRAILERING
                                                                 Before hitting the road in your trailering vehicle, such as the
                                                           ——




                                                                 Sierra 2500 Denali HD, make sure you:

                                                                 Fuel your vehicle and check the oil / Have the right size coupler, hitch and
                                                                 hitch ball / Properly secure the coupler and safety chains / Securely tie
                                                                 your boat to your trailer / Tighten fasteners and wheel lug nuts / Properly
                                                                 adjust the wheel bearings / Do not exceed your tow vehicle’s maximum
                                                          —




                                                                 carrying capacity / Properly inflate the tires / Check your trailer lighting /
                                                                 Check your trailer brakes / Obey all trailering laws of your state
—————
“The fishability of a Pro-V is second to none.
                                                                                                                    “I like Glencoe Reservoir in southern
                                                                                                                Wyoming, too,” Bill says, still rattling off his go-to
 You can go out in conditions you wouldn’t even                                                                 favorites. “I think I’m actually gonna take off and
                                                                                                                go somewhere tomorrow.”
 think about otherwise.”                                                                                            “Must be nice,” Dave jokes. “I’ll just be at
                                                                                                                the office!” Crowley Marine is a relatively new
                                                                                                                Lund dealer, but the company has been selling
                                                                                                                boats for more than 40 years. “It helps that we
which airs on the Sportsman’s Channel—Bill               mountain biking and rock climbing, and the             are outdoorsmen ourselves,” Dave says. “The
wanted the best of the best: a Pro-V. “My friend         lake—sheltered by the foothills—remains calm           Lund customers know what they want. We do a
said, ‘You catch more fish in a Pro-V,’” Bill recalls.   enough for even the shakiest of water-skiers.          lot of custom rigging to take care of the tourna-
“And he was right. The fishability of a Pro-V is         Other reservoirs in the area feature the same          ment guys.”
second to none. With the Merc ProKicker with             tranquility. In fact, Dave Crowley, owner of               Suddenly, Dave is interrupted by a commo-
the four-blade prop, I have so much control,” he         Crowley Marine, enjoys water-skiing with his           tion in the bow of Bill’s boat. Bill appears to have
says of the 9.9-hp FourStroke. “You can go out in        buddies in the early mornings on Stanley               hooked up with something from Carter’s watery
conditions you wouldn’t even think about other-          Reservoir, south of Denver. “It’s a great work-        depths. He slips the net underneath a feisty, nice-
wise. If the wind’s blowing, you can still keep          out,” he says after joining Bill out on Carter         sized walleye. The fish looks mighty unhappy
yourself right on.”                                      Lake with rod in hand. “And it cools you off.”         about being pulled out of its much cooler home.
    The Pro-V layout earns nothing but praise                Whether Bill remains in Colorado or finds          Bill releases it near the shoreline so it can head
from Bill, who says he’s not sure Lund could do          himself to the north in Pierre, South Dakota,          off in search of fresh crawdad.
anything more to improve the stellar configura-          where he trailers regularly, he says the Lund              “My dad got me started on fishing when I was
tion. And the barely audible 300-hp Mercury              “pulls like a dream. With the tandem brakes on         a baby out in Philly and Jersey,” Bill explains.
FourStroke Verado® lets conversations flow, even         the trailer, you don’t even feel it.”                  “Then when I was old enough, I came out here to
when running. “Yeah, the Verado is incredible,”              Combine those incredible tandem brakes             ski.” Those aforementioned postcards of Breck-
says Bill, who used to work for Detroit Diesel.          with an exceptional trailering vehicle like a GMC      enridge may have had something to do with Bill’s
“That thing is a beast and, with my background,          Sierra 2500 Denali HD, and the rig will practi-        western shift.
I live and breathe engines. The biggest thing is         cally drive itself to any fishing hole Bill desires.       Fishing quickly took over in the summer
the fuel economy.”                                       In Colorado, Bill can have confidence trailering to    months, however. “It’s very similar to hunting,”
    Carter Lake is relatively small compared to          any mountain reservoir, thanks to Sierra HD’s          he explains. “Especially with walleye, you’ve got
another of Bill’s fishing haunts, Lake Oahe, a           intuitive Automatic Grade Braking technology.          to go find ’em.” Dave nods in agreement, and
reservoir that straddles the border of the Dakotas.      The system detects when the truck is heading           Bill sits back in the helm seat with a satisfied
However, Carter Lake still gets rave reviews. The        downhill and, if necessary, downshifts to main-        look on his face.
Front Range boasts recreational activities like          tain a desired speed.                                      Mission accomplished.




www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                            LUND | 15
FISHING
FACE-OFF



                                                   R
STORY BY JIM ERMENTROUT • PHOTOS BY MIKE CALABRO
                                                                                    Opposite: Bobby Hull shows off
                                                                                    his World Championship ring
                                                                                    from his 1960-61 season with the
                                                                                    Chicago Blackhawks.
                                                                                    Here: James Derksen and his
                                                                                    son, Chris, proudly hold up a
                                                                                    trophy of Bobby Hull; a freshly
                                                                                    caught walleye takes center stage
                                                                                    for a moment.




—————

R
Rumor has it that legendary NHL alumnus               water, ready to take a group of people out fish-         with such a force.”
Bobby Hull (Chicago Blackhawks and Winnipeg           ing,” Bobby says. “Every Lund that I have ever               So how does fishing equal fundraising, you
Jets) likes his fishing rods like he likes his        been on is so comfortable. We appreciate that the        ask? Basically, it all started about five years ago,
hockey sticks: bent. That was just one of the         Lund Pro Staff lend us their expertise and that          when Bobby decided he didn’t really want to golf.
many jokes told at the recent Amadeus Steen           they support our cause.”                                 Back then, when the foundation first began host-
Foundation’s Bobby Hull Fishing Experience.               Recent proceeds have gone to Winnipeg-area           ing celebrity buy-in events, the ASF invited
    Imagine, if you will, a group of NHL players      hospitals and programs like the acute-illness            Bobby to the green. That’s all fine and dandy, he
and retirees, a smattering of avid anglers, a         facility at Children’s Hospital; the Lakeshore           says with a laugh, but “I would rather fish 100
plethora of Lund Pro Staff guides and, of course,     Area Multi-Service Project (LAMP), which pro-            times over than play golf. I was raised on the
plenty of Lund Pro-V boats with Mercury en-           vides medical services and additional programs           water, fishing with my father.” Bobby was spot-on
gines. Now put all of that on Lake of the Woods       to at-risk youth and their families; and the North       when he figured that a lot of others in the region
in Ontario, and the whole thing sounds like a         End Hockey Program, which provides less fortu-           preferred to do the same.
pretty darn good time, right?                         nate children the opportunity to get out on the              Thus evolved the Bobby Hull Fishing Experi-
    “There’s nothing quite like sitting together at   ice as well as develop important life skills.            ence. Soon Pat, the director at ASF, had folks
a shore lunch and listening to Bobby Hull or the          Alexander Steen, forward for the St. Louis           begging to join. “We have a lot of current players
others tell stories,” says Pat McCollough, director   Blues, and his parents—Thomas (former captain            who are asking to come up,” he says. “And even
of the Amadeus Steen Foundation. The “others”         for the Winnipeg Jets) and Mona Steen—began              though we just wrapped up the event for this
at this year’s event included Ulf Nilsson             the ASF to commemorate Amadeus, Alexander’s              year, sponsors are already calling me, buying in
(Winnipeg Jets, New York Rangers, Springfield         younger brother, who died of a heart condition at        for next year.”
Indians, Tulsa Oilers), Carey Wilson (Winnipeg        only 2 months old.                                           Of course, the more the merrier. After all,
Jets), Thomas Steen (Winnipeg Jets) and more.             “With hockey being a part of both our lives,”        those spacious Lund boats can hold a big crew.
The ASF, a non-profit organization dedicated to       Bobby says of his former teammate, “one player           “There’s lots of room,” Pat says. “I love the Pro-Vs.
enhancing the well-being of children in Manitoba      always wants to help another if he can.” The two         You can fish off the front or the back. And during
and beyond, hosts the annual tournament, which        became teammates after Thomas was signed                 the tournament, it seemed like every time I
features up-close time with the hockey stars and      to the Jets in 1979, just before Bobby retired.          asked for a different lure or something, it was
other celebrities. Lund sponsors the fundraiser,      “ASF is a wonderful foundation that does some            there onboard tucked away. There’s just plenty of




———
providing boats and guides. “There’s nothing          wonderful work with the Children’s Hospital,”            space for everything you need.”
prettier than a group of Lund boats sitting in the    he continues, “and I’m proud to be involved                  Lund boats are part of what draws Ulf Nilsson
  all the way from Stockholm, Sweden, each year.         landed a great guide on a smooth-riding boat.          on, light up my cigar, put my back to the storm, put
  “Ulf just loves those big Lunds,” Pat says. “When      What more could he want? “I caught the first fish      my minnow head on my Swedish Pimple lure and
  we decided to create a fishing event, we knew we       and the biggest fish that day,” he says, “but then     kick back,” he says. “It’s a great thrill being out
  had to have the right place, the right guides and      I got skunked after that!”                             there, pulling a walleye, knowing that within
  the right boats. The Lunds are just so versatile           These days, Bobby spends his time in               hours you’re going to be dusting it with flour and
  and comfortable.”                                      Chicago, serving as ambassador for the Chicago         hearing it crackle in the pan.”
      Folks are often more focused on the fishing        Blackhawks. “I’m loving the city and being a part           Bobby’s ice fishing tales sound great indeed,
  features when they discuss Lund models. But            of a great, exciting hockey team,” he says.            but they’re just a fraction of the stories making
  guys who’ve spent their lives taking a beating on          Although the famed left winger, known back         headlines at the Bobby Hull Fishing Experience.
  the cold, hard ice will no doubt raise comfort as a    in the day as the “Golden Jet,” no longer terror-      “I guess when I get together with a group of
  prime factor. Lund calls them Air Ride pedestal        izes goalies with his fierce slap shot, Bobby          people, I like to tell stories,” Bobby says of his
  seats. The crew at the ASF event now calls them        hasn’t truly retired from the ice. Raised in South-    legendary yarns. “I like to talk about fishing and
  “The Bobby Hull Seats.”                                eastern Ontario, on the Bay of Quinte, Bobby           about being a hockey player. Every red-blooded
      “I was just so grateful to Craig Stapon for        learned his way around an ice auger at an early        Canadian boy in his lifetime aspires to be a pro
  that seat,” says Bobby of his tourney guide, who       age. He occasionally still heads up to the region to   hockey player, and I was no different. And now
  captains a Lund 2075 Pro-V. Bobby was certain          pluck a few walleye from the bay’s chilly depths.      it’s been my entire life.”
  he’d hit the jackpot that first day of the event. He   “It’s a great day for me when I can put my parka            Hmmm. A cryptic explanation. Will Pat spill
                                                                                                                the beans? What do they really talk about? “Let’s
                                                                                                                just say he’s lived a colorful life,” Pat says with a
  “I like to talk about fishing and about being a                                                               mischievous smile. “You’ve got to come along and
                                                                                                                just listen to him to find out.”
   hockey player. Every red-blooded Canadian boy                                                                     For more info about the Bobby Hull Fishing
   in his lifetime aspires to be a pro hockey player.”                                                          Experience and the Amadeus Steen Foundation,
                                                                                                                visit www.amadeussteenfoundation.org/events.



—————




———
18 | LUND                                                                                                                                 www.lundboats.com
—



    Opposite: Bobby Hull signs one of his No. 9




—
       Blackhawks jerseys for a fan; an army of
     Lunds line the shores of Lake of the Woods.
      Here: Anglers at the Bobby Hull Fishing
     Experience reel in fine catches, such as this
      walleye, in pursuit of the Hotline Trophy.
 S T O R Y B Y J E N N I F E R C H E S A K :: P H O T O S B Y M I K E C A L A B R O
—————
—Qualy
 ————
 me†‡†µ‡
—————
 A Utah father and his son bond
 onboard a Lund 1700 Fisherman in
 the coves and canyons of Lake Powell
 Single fatherhood might be one of the toughest jobs around, but
 Kevin Madigan, of Sandy, Utah, knows the secret to success: Relish
 every minute of that time between the toddler years and young adult-
 hood, when a boy’s hero doesn’t wear a cape or slam-dunk the ball,
 but is simply the real, live parent in front of him—the one he calls
 Dad. Joshua Madigan (8) has it good. His dad assistant coaches his
 lacrosse and hockey teams and regularly takes him snow skiing and
 camping. “I’m lucky, I get to spend a lot of time with him,” Kevin says.
  a         ABOUT THE TIME JOSHUA CAME INTO THE WORLD,
            KEVIN HAD BECOME A LUND PRO STAFF MEMBER. HE HAULED JOSHUA
            AROUND TO SOME OF THE BIGGEST WALLEYE FISHING TOURNAMENTS IN THE
            WORLD. “HE’D GET MORE COVERAGE THAN I DID,” KEVIN SAYS, RECALLING HOW



            —————
            JOSHUA WOULD JOIN HIM ON THE STAGE WHEN HE ACCEPTED HIS TROPHIES.


            Joshua’s face reddens a bit at this dad’s recollection, but the desert heat also plays a
            role in his flush. It’s toasty out here on Lake Powell, which hosts hoards of vacationers
            looking to soak up rays and cool off in one of the many shaded coves and canyons.
            Joshua and Kevin wait patiently at Bullfrog Marina, located on the Utah side of the
            lake, for their turn to launch.
               Finally, onboard a Lund 1700 Fisherman, the duo shoves off and heads away from
            the crowd. The 150-hp Mercury FourStroke Verado® quietly hums in the background
            while Joshua tells his dad how many fish he plans to catch for the day. “Ten,” he says,
            holding up both hands.
               “What if I catch them first?” Kevin teases, smiling and tossing over a bottle of sun-
            screen. Joshua dutifully slathers on a second coat of the white cream.
               The lake, created with the construction of Glen Canyon Dam in 1956, holds back the
            Colorado River and is the second largest manmade reservoir in the United States. Only
            nearby Lake Mead (to the southwest in Nevada) beats it in size. Thanks to its many side
            canyons, Lake Powell—on a map—looks like a many-tentacled monster that can’t decide
                                                                                                            to create the lake actually made the landmark
                                                                                                            reachable by boat and an easy quarter-mile hike.
                                                                                                            Those without boats must trek 14 miles across ex-
                                                                                                            tremely rugged Navajo land to see the beauty.
                                                                                                               Two centuries ago, the monument was actu-
                                                                                                            ally thought to be a myth. Prospectors, cowboys
                                                                                                            and explorers said the site existed, but most
                                                                                                            had never seen it with their own eyes. In the
                                                                                                            early 1900s, explorers set out on a mission to
                                                                                                            officially locate it. Native American guides led
                                                                                                            University of Utah dean Byron Cummings and
                                                                                                            government surveyor W.B. Douglas down
                                                                                                            Navajo Mountain and Bridge Canyon to find
                                                                                                            the legendary rock span. President William
                                                                                                            Howard Taft designated it a national monu-
            whether it wants to stay in Utah or crawl off to Arizona. While Powell straddles the border     ment a decade later, and now thousands of
            of the two states, most of it lies in Utah, which also holds the Lake’s famous Rainbow Bridge   vacationers visit it every year.
            National Monument—the world’s highest natural bridge. The flooding of Glen Canyon                  “We don’t get down to Lake Powell enough,”
                                                                                                            says Kevin, who loves trailering to the long
                                                                                                            lake. Although a giant rock formation might
                                                                                                            seem cool to some kids, Joshua has already seen
                                                                                                            it and the nearby petroglyphs. This weekend,
                                                                                                            he’s more interested in what he can pull into
                                                                                                            the boat.
                                                                                                               Though Annie’s Slot Canyon usually holds a
                                                                                                            plethora of explorers, Kevin and Joshua find it
                                                                                                            empty and drop anchor. Setting to work, they rig
                                                                                                            up nightcrawlers and rubber baits. Their fish of
                                                                                                            choice? Walleye, of course. Kevin had fished the
                                                                                                            Professional Walleye Tour for years before he re-
                                                                                                            cently became a salesman at Petersen Marine in
                                                                                                            Draper, Utah. Robert Cummings—Kevin’s sales-
                                                                                                            man at the store before Kevin began working
                                                                                                            there himself—helped Kevin land a sales job so
                                                                                                            he could hang closer to home with Joshua. “I
                                                                                                            loved the competition, fishing against the best
                                                                                                            fishermen in the world,” he says. “The transition




———
                                                                                                            to selling Lunds was a no-brainer and pretty




22 | LUND                                                                                                                           www.lundboats.com
                         (Clockwise from here) Lake Powell,
                      which stradles the border of Utah and
                        Arizona, teems with catfish, stripers,
                         bass, panfish and walleye; Rainbow
                     Bridge National Monument towers over
                          the rocky landscape; Joshua waits
                                         patiently for a bite.




                                                      Joshua is too busy casting to
                                                     give his attention to anything
                                                        else. Even at lunchtime, he
                                                         holds his rod in one hand
                                                          and a PB&J in the other.



————
 www.lundboats.com                                                                    LUND | 23
                                                                                              Kevin Madigan, a former Lund Pro Staff
                                                                                              member, loves both his own Pro-V and the
                                                                                              Fisherman for their safety and deep-V




 —————
                                                                                              stability. His son, Joshua, loves their speed.




                “The Fisherman is a nice boat. It’s a nice size
                  for Joshua and me, and it has a deep V. The                                                 waves right with it. But you stay dry when it
                                                                                                              gets rough and windy. I like the wide gunwales,
             Fisherman trailers well and has great holeshot.”

————
   easy, since I’d essentially been selling them out
   on the lake every time I went fishing.”
                                                         great holeshot.” What does Joshua have to say
                                                         about it? “I like that it goes fast.”
                                                                                                              the stability and the livewells. Oh the livewells
                                                                                                              are incredible,” he adds. “I’ve never lost a fish in
                                                                                                              a tournament.”
                                                                                                                 Lund love holds a long history with Kevin,
                                                                                                              whose father used to take him fishing up in
                                                                                                              Ottawa, Ontario. Now, Kevin’s thrilled to be
      Toting his son along on the circuit had been a        “He’s usually giggling the whole time,” Kevin     sharing the same tradition with Joshua, helping
   breeze before Joshua had entered school full-time.    adds, helping Joshua get a nightcrawler on the       him catalog memories similar to those he treas-
   Now Kevin likes to take an active role in all of      hook. “Once there’s a fish in the livewell, he       ures himself. “They used Lunds up there at the
   Joshua’s new adventures, including sports. On         wants to play with it all day. Sometimes he          places we stayed at,” he says of his childhood
   weekends in the summer, though, Kevin still takes     wants to stay out longer than I do. Don’t ya?”       vacations, “so my dad bought a small one with a
   Joshua to the lake. “We like to play a lot,” he ex-   He looks over at his son. Joshua is too busy         tiller. I’ve had Lunds since I was younger than
   plains. “I keep him active and he keeps me active.”   casting to give his attention to anything else.      him,” Kevin adds, pointing to Joshua.
      The two usually fish closer to home on Star-       Even at lunchtime, he holds his rod in one hand         Not long after anchoring, Joshua sets the
   vation Reservoir with Kevin’s 2075 Pro-V—a            and a PB&J in the other.                             hook. A little shy, the young guy doesn’t say
   boat he used as a Pro Staffer—but they’ve bor-           Kevin lauds his Pro-V with many of the same       much, but his gapped-toothed grin booms for
   rowed the 1700 Fisherman from the dealership          compliments he gives the Fisherman. “Lunds           him. With walleye in hand, posing for a shot in
   for the weekend. “It’s a nice boat,” Kevin says.      are safe boats,” he says. “When I was out riding     the fishing album, he’s happy as can be. And
   “It’s a nice size for Joshua and me, and it has a     in open water, pre-fishing before a tourney with     Dad, shining with about 10 percent sweat and




———
   deep V. The Fisherman trailers well and has           Joshua, the winds would come up and the              90 percent pride, looks pretty thrilled, too.




 24 | LUND                                                                                                                                www.lundboats.com
lu.ca.fa12.cover_Layout 1 8/22/12 1:01 PM Page 1




                                                   2013
                                                   ALuminum And Jon Boats catalog
FISHING
AT ITS FINEST
 When you hop onboard your Lund and head to your favorite fishing hole on your favorite lake, your only
 thought is about the fish. As you push the throttle and power across the open water, you’re not thinking
 about how exactly your engine runs so smoothly, or how Lund’s IPS™ hull enhances performance. As
 you cut through chop and turn into a secluded cove, you’re not thinking about how Lund’s wider foot-
 print prevents spray onboard or how its power strake design allows for ultimate boat control. You’re not
 thinking of these details because you don’t have to. Lund boats are built for fishermen, by fishermen.
 With more than 60 years of boat-building experience, the quality is undeniable.


 Our diligent team of craftsmen have been perfecting the Lund fishing boat from day one, adding ele-
 ments year after year that improve your fishing experience—from the latest livewell technologies to
 increased storage, comfortable seating and wide-open casting decks. Lund perfects every detail on our
 legendary boats, so you can focus on reeling in more fish.




We are happy to have you in the Lund family and look forward to hearing from you. Share your
experiences with us at www.facebook.com/lundboats. For more information on Lund’s boat models,
and for tips, recipes and more, visit www.lundboats.com. Thank you for your continued support.
contents




       02 :: Superior Construction   32 :: SSV
       04 :: Lund Technology         34 :: Fury
       06 :: Pro-V                   36 :: WC
       10 :: Baron                   37 :: A, C & WD
       11 :: Tyee                    38 :: Jon Boats
       14 :: Sport Angler            39 :: Colors
       15 :: Predator                40 :: SportTrak & ProTrak
       16 :: Crossover               41 :: Lund Gear
       18 :: Impact                  42 :: Options & Accessories
       22 :: Pro Guide               46 :: Standard & Optional Equipment
       24 :: Rebel                   50 :: Specifications
       28 :: Outfitter               54 :: Warranty
       29 :: Alaskan
lu.ca.fa12.intro_Layout 1 8/23/12 3:04 PM Page 2




             SMOOTH OPERATOR
             Sometimes you’re only as good as the boat you fish in. If you can’t maintain your
             position while fishing, your chances for hooking that monster fish decrease sig-
             nificantly. Thankfully, Lund boats have been meticulously engineered and
             constructed to deliver unmatched control that allows you to outperform the com-
             petition every time.
                At the core of it all is Lund’s exclusive IPS™ (Integrated Power Strake)
             and IPS™ 2 hull designs. The IPS systems utilize a pronounced center keel
             that helps maintain ultimate boat control. At the back of the hull, water hits a
             flat pad, which greatly reduces churn. The non-turbulent water creates less
             motor strain and, ultimately, delivers better performance.
                Wide reverse chines allow for precise cornering maneuvers and overall
             better control. They allow the boat to get on plane quicker and improve
             holeshot, as well. Finally, a wider footprint enhances onboard stability.
                IPS integrates all of these features into a cohesive system that provides
             anglers with better backtrolling, superior drift control and more sophisticated
             boat positioning. Simply put, Lund boats deliver a more precise, faster, higher,
             smoother and drier ride.




                 Lund Boats track like a train     Additional strakes on the     Reverse chines add an             Lund’s pronounced center      Lund Boats are engineered
                 on rails, when trolling forward   IPS 2 hull provide more       additional dimension to boat      keel works to eliminate       to be center balanced. This
                 or backward, to maintain your     control to enhance tracking   control. They not only provide    cross drift, making it easy   keeps the hull working at
                 desired position at any time.     ability and give you the      added stability, but also addi-   to stay in complete control   maximum efficiency for
                                                   competitive advantage.        tional edges to cut water and     and reduce battery and        ultimate tracking control,
                                                                                 stay on top of the fish.          human fatigue.                in all conditions.

      2 | LUND                                                                                                                                   www.lundboats.com
FLOATS YOUR BOAT
Many things set Lund boats apart from competitors, but none so much as the incredible stability and flotation ensured by Lund’s foam-
injected hull. Lund strategically inserts closed-cell foam (formulated to handle all marine conditions) into hull cavities. Lund fills each
boat with enough foam to exceed Coast Guard and industry requirements, and performs tests on all vessels before they leave the pro-
duction line to verify that they maintain equal and level flotation.
   Some boat companies do enough, but Lund believes in doing more. When it comes to safety, just “good enough” is never enough.
   To further prove its boats’ seaworthiness, Lund engineers put the “holey boat” to the test: After drilling 66 5-inch holes into the hull
of a 1725 Explorer SS, the engineers took it for a spin—and stayed afloat and level the whole time. To watch a video of this neat feat,
scan the Tag at right with your smartphone. Don’t have the app? Go to www.gettag.mobi.



www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                        LUND | 3
lu.ca.fa12.intro_Layout 1 8/23/12 11:49 AM Page 4




                                                                                          CAPTAIN’S
                                                                                          CREATURE
                                                                                          COMFORTS
                                                                                          1900/1800 TYEE: COMMAND CONSOLE
                                                                                          The redesigned 1900/1800 Tyee will amaze anglers with
                                                                                          its fantastic set of features—for both fishing and comfort.
                                                                                          The new command console offers distinct style and an
                                                                                          ergonomic layout where everything is closer at hand.

                                                                                          1650 REBEL XL: HELM
                                                                                          The angler has everything at his disposal when at the
                                                                                          helm of the 1650 Rebel XL. For starters, clear, easy-to-read
                                                                                          gauges make it effortless to check fuel, tach and speed
                                                                                          while underway. Helm toggles are right within reach, as is
                                                                                          a spacious and protective cell phone holder.




             A JOB WELL DONE
             Lund’s pioneering work with livewells keeps your catch healthier and less prone to stress


             PROLONG PLUS                                   PROLONG                                       AERATED
             The envy of the industry and the most          This two-pump design keeps water fresher      Lund’s high-quality aerated livewell fea-
             technologically advanced system to ever        and fish calmer than any other in the in-     tures a single pump with a single-switch
             hit the water, the ProLong Plus is designed    dustry. One pump fills and aerates the        control. You also have the option of running
             with a freshwater pickup integrated into       well from above the fish, while the other     the aerator pump continuously in manual
             the bottom of the hull, where it forces a      recirculates and injects fresh air via the    mode, or intermittently in automatic mode
             steady flow of water into the livewell while   Max-Air system for maximum oxygenation.       when the model is equipped with a timer.
             the boat is running.




      4 | LUND                                                                                                                 www.lundboats.com
POWERFUL PARTNERS                                                    OPTIMAX PRO XS:
                                                                     TOURNAMENT TOUGH
                                                                     Mercury’s OptiMax Pro XS out-
Lund prides itself in delivering the most rugged and dependable      boards deliver unprecedented
                                                                     speed and acceleration to help you
boats in the fishing industry, so it’s no surprise that Lund teams
                                                                     get to where the fish are biting—
up with Mercury Marine to provide the solid and efficient power
                                                                     fast! Several qualities make the
to get you there and back. Mercury is an industry leader in four-    Pro XS the best-selling tourna-
stroke and direct-injected two-stroke technology, and all of its     ment outboard in the world. For
engines run smoothly and responsively in any water conditions.       starters, its two-stage direct-
Check out Mercury’s latest and greatest offerings here, and for      injection system and high-tech
more information, visit www.mercurymarine.com.                       carbon fiber reeds make for
                                                                     incredibly quick response and out-
                                                                     standing performance. The Pro XS
                                                                     also boasts higher open-throttle
                                                                     rpm for remarkable acceleration.




                                                                     SPITFIRE PROPELLER:
                                                                     AGGRESSIVE ACCELERATION
                                                                     Mercury’s FourStroke outboards
                                                                     have a new partner in crime: the
                                                                     Spitfire propeller. Four bold and
                                                                     uncompromising blades with high
                                                                     rake angles and extra cup give
                                                                     Mercury’s FourStrokes greater
                                                                     acceleration without compromising
                                                                     top speed.




                                                                     150 FOURSTROKE:
                                                                     EFFICIENT, AFFORDABLE,
                                                                     STRONG
                                                                     The new 150 FourStroke is the
                                                                     lightest, most versatile and most
                                                                     durable outboard in its power
                                                                     class. Its remarkably low mainte-
                                                                     nance and top-of-the-line fuel
                                                                     efficiency allow fishermen (and
                                                                     their families) to spend more
                                                                     time out on the water. Sleek and
                                                                     reliable, the 150 FourStroke has
                                                                     everything you need.




                                                                                                LUND | 5
                PRO-V
                    IFS
                    2075




                                                                                                                                     Boats may show factory and/or dealer installed options. Please see dealer for details.




BUILT FOR SERIOUS ANGLERS.
As Lund’s flagship boat, the 2075 Pro-V meets the demands of even
the most diehard anglers. Whether you fish to live or live to fish, the
Pro-V ensures the highest levels of performance, safety and durabil-
ity. Advanced fishing features—such as a ProLong Plus livewell,
with a temperature and water-level monitoring system—and great
storage let you bring in the trophy catches on every outing.




22", 10-gallon bow livewell is   Cell phone or MP3 player storage              Livewell temperature and level monitoring      Ample Pro-V rod storage has room for                  Spacious in-deck storage keeps
right where you need it          adds convenience                              system keeps you in the know                   15 rods—(5) 8', (5) 7'6", (5) 7'                      all your gear out of the way

LAYOU T                                    SPECIFICATIONS

  Storage                                                                   IPS™ 2        Approximate      Maximum         Transom         Fuel         Livewell          Rod Storage             Seat            Seat
  Livewell                                            Length    Beam      Chine Width       Weight            HP            Height         Tank         Systems             Length              Pedestals        Bases
  Baitwell                                             20'8"        97"      87.5"         2000 lbs          300             25"          62 gal    Bow 22"/10 gal         6'6"– 8'0"           4 Air Ride          6
  Seats                                                                                                                                             Aft 50"/27.5 gal
  Seat Bases
  Fuel Tank

6 | LUND                                                                                                                                                                                www.lundboats.com
                                                                                                                                                                                          PRO-V
                                                                                                                                                                                           IFS
                                                                                                                                                                                           1975




Boats may show factory and/or dealer installed options. Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                                                                                                     FOCUS ON THE FISH.
                                                                                                                       The 1975 Pro-V is a hardcore angler’s dream. State-of-the-art fishing
                                                                                                                       features, such as dedicated rod holders and bow and aft trolling
                                                                                                                       motor plug-ins, let you get right where you need to be with your best
                                                                                                                       tools within reach. And four Air Ride pedestal seats keep you com-
                                                                                                                       fortable all day long. Get onboard, get out there, get on the fish.




 Optional snap-in marine-grade                              Under-console drawers and                      Aft 50", 27.5-gallon ProLong                 Standard directional rod locker   Easy-access gunwale storage
  carpet adds comfort underfoot                            trinket storage are perfectly                                   Plus livewell            lighting makes night fishing easier          keeps all items handy
                                                                                 placed
                                                                                                                                                         SPECIFICATIO N S                                    L AY O U T

                         IPS™ 2            Approximate         Maximum          Transom     Fuel        Livewell        Rod Storage          Seat           Seat                                            Storage
  Length     Beam      Chine Width           Weight               HP             Height     Tank        Systems           Length           Pedestals       Bases                                            Livewell
  19'8"       97"          87.5"             1830 lbs             225             25"      51 gal   Bow 22"/10 gal      6'6"–8'0"          4 Air Ride        6                                              Baitwell
                                                                                                    Aft 50"/27.5 gal                                                                                          Seats
                                                                                                                                                                                                         Seat Bases
                                                                                                                                                                                                          Fuel Tank

www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                                                          LUND | 7
               PRO-V
              IFS/SE & SE
                  1875




                                                                                                                               Boats may show factory and/or dealer installed options. Please see dealer for details.




DEMAND THE BEST.
Built with professional angler input, the 1875 Pro-V has all the tools
you need to get the job done—and then some. With industrial-
strength construction, the 1875 is built to last day after day, season
after season. A variety of floorplans—such as a wraparound, walk-
through windshield model and a single console model—means you
can fish exactly the way you choose.




Optional under-console storage    Take command at the automotive-style        Optional bow cargo net storage            Available bow Crappie option                           A port storage insert provides
drawer keeps you well-armed       dash with lighted instrumentation           secures gear for easy access              adds two additional seat bases                         extra space for taking more along

LAYOU T                                    SPECIFICATIONS

  Storage                                                                  IPS™ 2        Approximate     Maximum     Transom         Fuel         Livewell          Rod Storage             Seat            Seat
  Livewell                                             Length   Beam     Chine Width       Weight           HP        Height         Tank         Systems             Length              Pedestals        Bases
  Baitwell                                    IFS/SE   18'10"   95"         82"           1600 lbs             200     25"          40 gal           2                  7'0"              3 Air Ride          6
  Seats                                       SE       18'10"   95"         82"           1500 lbs             200     25"          40 gal           2                  7'0"              3 Air Ride          6
  Seat Bases
  Fuel Tank        IFS/SE        SE

8 | LUND                                                                                                                                                                        www.lundboats.com
                                                                                                                                                                                              PRO-V
                                                                                                                                                                                          IFS/SE & SE
                                                                                                                                                                                              1775




Boats may show factory and/or dealer installed options. Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                                                                                      A TRUE FISHING MACHINE.
                                                                                                                      The incredibly versatile 1775 Pro-V makes the ideal platform for
                                                                                                                      fishing inland lakes and rivers. Bring all you need onboard thanks to
                                                                                                                      copious storage, and choose from a variety of accessories from the
                                                                                                                      SportTrak™ system. Optional aft flip-up seats convert to a casting
                                                                                                                      platform to expand your fishing game when you most need it.
                                                                                                                                  The IPS™ 2 hull provides a stable, dry ride for fishing in
                                                                                                                                  absolute comfort, day in and day out.




       Optional aft flip-up seats                       Ample in-floor storage contains            Optional splashwell inserts increase              In-deck lockable rod storage holds       Recessed control area with tray
    convert to a casting platform                                    your whole arsenal                       your aft casting platform                  up to 10 rods—(5) 7', (5) 6'6"                     and cup holders

                                                                                                                                                         SPECIFICATIO N S                                          L AY O U T

                         IPS™ 2            Approximate         Maximum          Transom    Fuel         Livewell       Rod Storage          Seat            Seat                                                   Storage
  Length     Beam      Chine Width           Weight               HP             Height    Tank         Systems          Length           Pedestals        Bases                                                  Livewell
  17'10"      95"           82"              1450 lbs             150             25"     32 gal           2              7'0"             3 solid           6       IFS/SE                                       Baitwell
  17'10"      95"           82"              1350 lbs             150             25"     32 gal           2              7'0"             3 solid           6       SE                                              Seats
                                                                                                                                                                                                               Seat Bases

                                                                                                                                                                                     IFS/SE          SE          Fuel Tank

www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                                                                LUND | 9
                BARON
                     2150




                                                                                                                            Boats may show factory and/or dealer installed options. Please see dealer for details.




BIG WATER, BIG RESULTS.
Big on fishability, big on comfort, big on style—big on everything.
The 2150 Baron handles big, deep water with ease, thanks to its
incredibly wide platform and midship depth of 52 inches. Rock-solid
construction makes it tough on the outside; ergonomic, cushioned
seating makes it supremely comfortable on the inside. With storage
for all your gear, and a 22-gallon underseat livewell, that
big catch is never out of reach.




Aft 28", 22-gallon under-seat      Bow converts from seating                 Generous under-console storage          Convenient portside rod locker keeps                   Intuitive dash puts essential
livewell is right where you fish   (shown) to casting platform               means gear is close at hand             rods handy and out of the way (7')                     information within reach

LAYOU T                                      SPECIFICATIONS

  Storage                                                                 IPS™ 2       Approximate      Maximum   Transom         Fuel         Livewell          Rod Storage             Seat            Seat
  Livewell                                              Length   Beam   Chine Width      Weight            HP      Height         Tank         Systems             Length              Pedestals        Bases
  Baitwell                                              21'10"   100"      87.5"         2100 lbs         300       25"          78 gal           2                  7'0"          3 solid/1 Air Ride      6
  Seats
  Seat Bases
  Fuel Tank

10 | LUND                                                                                                                                                                    www.lundboats.com
                                                                                                                                                                                       TYEE
                                                                                                                                                                                        1950




Boats may show factory and/or dealer installed options. Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                                                                                      VERSATILITY. RELIABILITY.
                                                                                                                      The 1950 Tyee covers all of your bases when it comes to spending
                                                                                                                      time on the water. Whether you’re fishing with buddies or enjoying
                                                                                                                      watersports with the family, the Tyee really performs. The deep-V
                                                                                                                      bow and high sides keep your ride dry and comfortable. I-beam con-
                                                                                                                      struction and a heavy-duty transom make even the most rugged
                                                                                                                                 conditions a breeze. Fish, play or do both on the 1950 Tyee.




      Standard aft flip-up seats                   The easy-access dash and console                An optional boarding ladder provides        Bow casting deck converts to optional          New side panels offer
 quickly go from extra seating to                             put you in total control                 easy water access for swimmers                            cushioned seating     improved looks and durability
                casting platform
                                                                                                                                                       SPECIFICATIO N S                                   L AY O U T

                         IPS™ 2            Approximate         Maximum          Transom    Fuel         Livewell       Rod Storage          Seat         Seat                                             Storage
  Length     Beam      Chine Width           Weight               HP             Height    Tank         Systems          Length           Pedestals     Bases                                            Livewell
  19'8"       98"          86.5"             1735 lbs             225             25"     50 gal           2             7'–8'10"          4 solid         6                                             Baitwell
                                                                                                                                                                                                            Seats
                                                                                                                                                                                                       Seat Bases
                                                                                                                                                                                                        Fuel Tank

www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                                                      LUND | 11
                  TYEE
                    1900




                                                                                                                              Boats may show factory and/or dealer installed options. Please see dealer for details.




DOUBLE DUTY.
Are you tackling the fish today? Or a new trick on your skis? Why
not do both? The redesigned 1900 Tyee features a new bow conver-
sion deck for expanded onboard maneuverability or convenient cooler
storage. A larger aft livewell (37-inch, 18-gallon) and ample rod stor-
age please anglers, while unmatched comfort, watersports gear
storage and stainless steel cup holders are a hit with the
whole family.




Valuables and drinks stay      Optional cooler storage keeps               A boarding ladder provides easy access      An ergonomic console with lighted                      Standard aft flip-up seats
secure, thanks to a lockable   beverages (or fresh catch) icy cold         from the water for swimmers                 switches helps you stay in total control               quickly go from extra seating
glove box and cup holder                                                                                                                                                      to casting platform
LAYOU T                                  SPECIFICATIONS

  Storage                                                               IPS™ 2        Approximate     Maximum       Transom         Fuel         Livewell          Rod Storage             Seat            Seat
  Livewell                                           Length    Beam   Chine Width       Weight           HP          Height         Tank         Systems             Length              Pedestals        Bases
  Baitwell                                            19'1"     98"      86"           1600 lbs          200          25"          40 gal    Bow 22"/10 gal       (4) 8', (6) 7'6"        4 solid            6
  Seats                                                                                                                                      Aft 37"/18 gal
  Seat Bases
  Fuel Tank

12 | LUND                                                                                                                                                                        www.lundboats.com
                                                                                                                                                                                           TYEE
                                                                                                                                                                                       1800 / 1750




Boats may show factory and/or dealer installed options. Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                                                                                      COMFORT AND CONTROL.
                                                                                                                     Gather up the whole family—or your whole arsenal of fishing gear—
                                                                                                                     and take to your favorite lake in any condition. The walk-through
                                                                                                                     windshield provides protection on less-than-ideal days, and expan-
                                                                                                                     sive cockpit seating allows everyone onboard to stretch out. ProRide
                                                                                                                     seats let you cast a line or watch the skier behind you, and a brand-
                                                                                                                                 new console with lighted switches on the 1800 puts
                                                                                                                                 control at your fingertips.




      Pylon storage compartment           Side storage compartments accommodate                    Lockable in-floor rod storage holds        New tray with cup holders are right at      Under-deck storage in the walk-
       eliminates onboard clutter                      anything extra (1800 shown)             10 rods—(4) 8', (6) 7'6" (1800 shown)            the driver’s fingertips (1800 shown)           through adds convenience

                                                                                                                                                      SPECIFICATIO N S                                          L AY O U T

                         IPS™ 2            Approximate         Maximum          Transom    Fuel       Livewell        Rod Storage          Seat          Seat                                                  Storage
  Length     Beam      Chine Width           Weight               HP             Height    Tank       Systems           Length           Pedestals      Bases                                                  Livewell
  18'1"       95"           82"              1400 lbs             175             25"     27 gal   Bow 22"/10 gal      7'6"–8'0"          3 solid         6       1800                                         Baitwell
                                                                                                   Aft 37"/18 gal                                                                                                Seats
  17'6"       93"         82.25"             1345 lbs             150             25"     27 gal   Bow 35"/17 gal      6'6"–7'0"          3 solid         6       1750                                      Seat Bases
                                                                                                   Aft 20"/7.5 gal                                                                                           Fuel Tank
                                                                                                                                                                                   1800         1750

www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                                                           LUND | 13
     SPORT ANGLER
               2000/1800




                                                                                                                               Boats may show factory and/or dealer installed options. Please see dealer for details.




OUTLAST THE COMPETITION.
When the waves are rough and the competition is tough, count on the
Sport Angler to keep you on top. Built for long-distance pursuits on
big waves, the Sport Angler keeps you steady and comfortable while
fighting the fish. The console is positioned far forward, creating a
massive fishing cockpit, and generous standard and optional storage
frees up more space. Select SportTrak™/ProTrak™
accessories to sweeten the deal.




Optional SportTrak™ rod holder     In-floor battery storage compartments        Take advantage of the optional          Integrated aft rod holders keep                       Optional side seat storage hides
secures to the gunwale             are easy to reach                            washdown system with cutting board      your fishing weapons within reach                     your overflow

LAYOU T                                      SPECIFICATIONS

  Storage                                                                    IPS™ 2       Approximate     Maximum    Transom         Fuel         Livewell          Rod Storage             Seat            Seat
  Livewell                                              Length   Beam      Chine Width      Weight           HP       Height         Tank         Systems             Length              Pedestals        Bases
  Baitwell                                      2000     20'6"    97"         82.5"         1600 lbs        225        25"          50 gal           1              11'0"– 12'0"           2 solid            7
  Seats                                         1800     18'6"    97"         82.5"         1460 lbs        175        25"          41 gal           1              9'0"– 10'0"            2 solid            7
  Seat Bases
  Fuel Tank        2000          1800

14 | LUND                                                                                                                                                                         www.lundboats.com
                                                                                                                                                                                 PREDATOR
                                                                                                                                                                                        2010/1810




Boats may show factory and/or dealer installed options. Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                                                                                   PRECISE PERFORMANCE.
                                                                                                                 Incredible construction, maneuverability and precise control make
                                                                                                                 the Predator ready to strike at any moment. Whether you’re fishing
                                                                                                                 for walleye, bass or muskie, the high, massive casting deck in the bow
                                                                                                                 will give you an advantage. The Predator’s huge livewell system
                                                                                                                 stretches nearly gunwale to gunwale, ensuring plenty of room for
                                                                                                                              even the biggest hauls.




Spacious bow storage falls right                               Seating options abound,               Large 59", 28-gallon livewell                  Huge locking rod storage—              Ample side storage lets you
     within reach (1810 shown)                                    including a bike seat                   keeps ’em fresh (2010)                 (5) 7'6", (5) 7', (5) 6'6" (2010)         bring more onboard (1810)

                                                                                                                                                  SPECIFICATIO N S                                          L AY O U T

                          IPS™             Approximate         Maximum          Transom    Fuel    Livewell       Rod Storage          Seat          Seat                                                   Storage
  Length     Beam      Chine Width           Weight               HP             Height    Tank    Systems          Length           Pedestals      Bases                                                  Livewell
  20'2"       90"          78.5"             1600 lbs             225             25"     50 gal      2            6'6"–8'0"          2 solid         4        2010                                        Baitwell
  18'1"       85"           71"               965 lbs             125             20"     19 gal      2            6'6"–8'0"          2 solid         4        1810                                           Seats
                                                                                                                                                                                                         Seat Bases
                                                                                                                                                                                 2010        1810         Fuel Tank

www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                                                        LUND | 15
   CROSSOVER XS
               1875




                                                 Boats may show factory and/or dealer installed options. Please see dealer for details.




TOP VERSATILITY.
The new 1875 Crossover XS is the boat
with ultimate on-water versatility. A peak
performer for both skiing and fishing, the
Crossover is truly the best of both worlds. An
integrated, retractable boarding ladder, a ski
tow pylon, and ample storage make skiing
runs easy and efficient. And an 18-gallon
livewell, in-floor rod storage and plush cast-
ing seats provide all you need for serious
fishing excursions.



16 | LUND
Aft storage hides optional bimini                 Ample side storage holds       Turn the bow from a walk-through into a          A standard boarding ladder provides   In-floor storage keeps skis,
                top and ski pylon                  watersports equipment                       spacious casting platform                           easy water access        wakeboards or rods (8')
                                                                                                                                                                                       within reach
                                                                                                                                        SPECIFICATIO N S                                  L AY O U T

                       IPS™         Approximate   Maximum       Transom       Fuel       Livewell       Rod Storage          Seat          Seat                                          Storage
 Length    Beam     Chine Width       Weight         HP          Height       Tank       Systems          Length           Pedestals      Bases                                         Livewell
 18'10"     95"         82"          1558 lbs        175          25"        32 gal     37"/18 gal       7'0"–8'0"          3 solid         6                                           Baitwell
                                                                                                                                                                                           Seats
                                                                                                                                                                                     Seat Bases
                                                                                                                                                                                       Fuel Tank

www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                                     LUND | 17
               IMPACT
                  Sport
                  2025




                                                                                                                        Boats may show factory and/or dealer installed options. Please see dealer for details.




CROWD PLEASER.
Lund is proud to introduce the newest addition to its hugely popular
Impact series: the 2025. The largest boat in the series, the 2025 boasts
a spacious cockpit and a host of ergonomic seating. Several ultra func-
tional fishing features, such as bow and stern livewells and side rod
storage, will help you step up your fishing game. And as always,
for all its high quality, the Impact remains incredibly
affordable.




Deep, lockable in-deck     The Impact’s auto-style dash makes        Large 40”, 18-gallon aft livewell with      An optional AM/FM/CD player                           Starboard and port rod guides
storage holds up to        all gauges clear and easy to read         bait bucket holds keepers                   entertains while on the go                            and straps keep your weapons
10 rods—(5) 7', (5) 6'6"                                                                                                                                               handy
LAYOU T                             SPECIFICATIONS

  Storage                                                         IPS™ 2        Approximate       Maximum     Transom         Fuel         Livewell          Rod Storage             Seat            Seat
  Livewell                                      Length   Beam   Chine Width       Weight             HP        Height         Tank         Systems             Length              Pedestals        Bases
  Baitwell                                      20'2"    96"       82"            1750 lbs           200        25"          50 gal           2               6'6"– 8'0"             4 solid           6
  Seats
  Seat Bases
  Fuel Tank

18 | LUND                                                                                                                                                                  www.lundboats.com
                                                                                                                                                                                    IMPACT
                                                                                                                                                                                    Sport & SS
                                                                                                                                                                                       1875




Boats may show factory and/or dealer installed options. Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                                                                         IMPACT YOUR FISHING GAME.
                                                                                                                     Want what the pros have for less? With expert-level fishing features
                                                                                                                     like those found on the Pro-V, but with a price point that makes sense
                                                                                                                     for your budget, the 1875 Impact delivers incredible performance and
                                                                                                                     power for any pursuit. Add more features with the SportTrak™
                                                                                                                     system, and choose the optional boarding ladder for those days when
                                                                                                                                  the kids want to take a dip in the lake.




  Optional aft flip-up seat shown                 Cockpit-style console provides easy                   In-deck rod locker holds up to               Three standard seats can be       Optional port storage insert (SS)
         as aft casting platform                   access and convenient positioning                         10 rods—(5) 7', (5) 6'6"                   used in various positions                frees up room onboard

                                                                                                                                                     SPECIFICATIO N S                                         L AY O U T

                           IPS™            Approximate         Maximum          Transom    Fuel       Livewell        Rod Storage          Seat        Seat                                                  Storage
  Length     Beam       Chine Width          Weight               HP             Height    Tank       Systems           Length           Pedestals    Bases                                                  Livewell
   18'9"      94"          79.5"             1265 lbs             150             25"     32 gal   Bow 28"/12 gal      6'6"–8'6"          3 solid       6      Sport                                         Baitwell
                                                                                                   Aft 40"/18 gal                                                                                              Seats
   18'9"      94"          79.5"             1215 lbs             150             25"     32 gal   Bow 28"/12 gal      6'6"–8'6"          3 solid       6      SS                                         Seat Bases
                                                                                                   Aft 40"/18 gal                                                                                          Fuel Tank
                                                                                                                                                                               Sport           SS

www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                                                         LUND | 19
               IMPACT
               Sport & SS
                  1775




                                                                                                                              Boats may show factory and/or dealer installed options. Please see dealer for details.




AFFORDABLE. FISHABLE. FUN.
Have the best fishing features at your disposal, while staying within
your budget. The 1775 Impact offers the perfect balance between
hardcore fishing and approachable family fun. An expansive casting
deck provides excellent maneuverability when the fish are biting, and
extra space when the whole family is along for the ride. Effortless
handling gives you total control, and extra legroom ensures
everyone is comfortable.




Dual side rod lockers (8') keep    Optional ladder adds convenience          Optional port console (SS) provides       A spacious bow with large, deep                       Optional storage insert (SS) keeps
your rods close and secure         and safety                                protection and storage                    storage gives you ample working room                  extra gear out of the way

LAYOU T                                     SPECIFICATIONS

  Storage                                                                  IPS™         Approximate       Maximum   Transom         Fuel         Livewell          Rod Storage             Seat            Seat
  Livewell                                              Length   Beam   Chine Width       Weight             HP      Height         Tank         Systems             Length              Pedestals        Bases
  Baitwell                                     Sport    17'9"     94"      79.5"          1220 lbs          125       25"          27 gal    Bow 28"/12 gal         6'6"– 8'0"             2 solid           6
  Seats                                                                                                                                      Aft 40"/18 gal
  Seat Bases                                   SS       17'9"     94"      79.5"          1170 lbs          125       25"          27 gal    Bow 28"/12 gal         6'6"– 8'0"             2 solid           6
  Fuel Tank                                                                                                                                  Aft 40"/18 gal
                     Sport        SS

20 | LUND                                                                                                                                                                        www.lundboats.com
                                                                                                                                                                                   IMPACT
                                                                                                                                                                                   Sport & SS
                                                                                                                                                                                      1675




Boats may show factory and/or dealer installed options. Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                                                                                   THE PURSUIT OF PANFISH.
                                                                                                                    The remarkably affordable, feature-rich 1675 Impact raises your fish-
                                                                                                                    ing game to a whole new level. For those anglers focused on panfish,
                                                                                                                    check out the crappie edition. This special package adds multiple seat
                                                                                                                    bases and a bait station to the Impact’s two standard livewell sys-
                                                                                                                    tems and ample rod storage.




            Portside console offers          The broad bow platform provides ample                      Cavernous bow storage holds                 Optional aft flip-up seating         Console features speedometer,
            protection and storage              casting room (crappie option shown)                                    all your gear         accommodates more fishing buddies        tachometer, trim and fuel gauges

                                                                                                                                                    SPECIFICATIO N S                                         L AY O U T

                           IPS™            Approximate         Maximum          Transom    Fuel       Livewell       Rod Storage         Seat         Seat                                                  Storage
  Length     Beam       Chine Width          Weight               HP             Height    Tank       Systems          Length          Pedestals     Bases                                                  Livewell
   16'9"      90"           76"              1175 lbs              90             20"     19 gal   Bow 28"/12 gal    6'6"–8'6"          2 solid        6       Sport                                        Baitwell
                                                                                                   Aft 40"/18 gal                                                                                             Seats
   16'9"      90"           76"              1125 lbs              90             20"     19 gal   Bow 28"/12 gal    6'6"–8'6"          2 solid        6       SS                                        Seat Bases
                                                                                                   Aft 40"/18 gal                                                                                         Fuel Tank
                                                                                                                                                                              Sport           SS

www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                                                        LUND | 21
             PRO GUIDE
               2010 / 1825




                                                                                                                                         Boats may show factory and/or dealer installed options. Please see dealer for details.




ULTIMATE CONTROL.
The incredibly versatile 2010 and 1825 Pro Guide models have been
designed for tiller steering and instantaneous control. When you
know exactly where the fish are biting, count on Pro Guide to ma-
neuver with unbeatable precision. A squared-off transom allows for
effortless backtrolling, even in rough waters. And like a pilot’s cockpit,
the back end of the Pro Guide is designed so that all your
tools are within reach.




Plentiful in-deck bow storage lets     The electronic command center (1825)             Deep, lockable in-deck rod storage        The crappie seating option                            An optional bow baitwell pro-
you bring everything you need          offers convenience and control at the tiller     fits up to 10 rods—(6) 7', (4) 6'6"       makes comfort a priority                              vides more space for more fish

LAYOU T                                          SPECIFICATIONS

  Storage                                                                          IPS™ 2          Approximate       Maximum   Transom         Fuel         Livewell          Rod Storage             Seat            Seat
  Livewell                                                    Length    Beam     Chine Width         Weight             HP      Height         Tank         Systems             Length              Pedestals        Bases
  Baitwell                                           2010     20'2"      90"          78.5"          1440 lbs        125/200     25"          40 gal    Bow 28"/18 gal         6'6"– 8'0"             3 solid           6
  Seats                                                                                                                                                 Aft 40"/18 gal
  Seat Bases                                         1825     18'4"      90"          78"            1220 lbs           90       25"          32 gal    Bow 28"/18 gal         6'6"– 8'0"             3 solid           6
  Fuel Tank                                                                                                                                             Aft 40"/18 gal
                     2010            1825

22 | LUND                                                                                                                                                                                   www.lundboats.com
                                                                                                                                                                                 PRO GUIDE
                                                                                                                                                                                       1725




Boats may show factory and/or dealer installed options. Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                                                                                  PRECISE AND POWERFUL.
                                                                                                                    Whatever your species of choice, the Pro Guide will get you up close
                                                                                                                    and personal. The smaller platform of the 1725 allows for ultimate
                                                                                                                    control and stability. A wide-open bow casting platform provides room
                                                                                                                    to stretch out and switch up presentations. Generous in-deck rod
                                                                                                                    storage holds your entire arsenal, and several spacious storage com-
                                                                                                                                partments free up room onboard.




   Store all you need for a day on                       In-deck lockable rod storage               The 1725 command console tells                The split-door livewell/baitwell   The convenient switch panel is
       the water in any of several                   secures 10 rods—(5) 7', (5) 6'6"                     you what you need to know                        allows for easy access           right where you need it
                   compartments
                                                                                                                                                   SPECIFICATIO N S                                       L AY O U T

                          IPS™ 2           Approximate         Maximum          Transom    Fuel       Livewell      Rod Storage         Seat          Seat                                               Storage
  Length     Beam       Chine Width          Weight               HP             Height    Tank       Systems         Length          Pedestals      Bases                                              Livewell
   17'4"      92"          79.5"             1120 lbs              75             20"     27 gal   Bow 28"/18 gal    6'6"–7'0"         3 solid         4                                                Baitwell
                                                                                                   Aft 40"/18 gal                                                                                          Seats
                                                                                                                                                                                                      Seat Bases
                                                                                                                                                                                                       Fuel Tank

www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                                                     LUND | 23
              REBEL XL
               SS & Sport
                  1825




                                                                                                                             Boats may show factory and/or dealer installed options. Please see dealer for details.




BREAK INTO THE GAME.
The Rebel XL has all the essential fishing features you need to get
started in the world of fishing—for an incredible price. An aerated
livewell, side rod storage and ample gear storage let you bring all you
need onboard, including big fish. An open layout provides plenty of
room for the whole family. Lund’s ProTrak™ system offers optional
bimini, sun or top-set covers, and the SportTrak™ system
mounts optional accesories without drilling holes.




Large storage accommodates    Aerated 20-gallon livewell                  Comfortable seating is built for            Aft battery storage keeps your                         Convenient side storage holds
all your gear                 (50") keeps your catch lively               long days on the water                      charge close at hand                                   gear and rods up to 8'

LAYOU T                                 SPECIFICATIONS

  Storage                                                               IPS™         Approximate       Maximum     Transom         Fuel          Livewell          Rod Storage            Seat             Seat
  Livewell                                           Length   Beam   Chine Width       Weight             HP        Height         Tank          Systems             Length             Pedestals         Bases
  Baitwell                                  Sport    18'3"    85"       71"             965 lbs              125     20"          19 gal       50"/20 gal             8'0"                3 solid           6
  Seats                                     SS       18'3"    85"       71"             895 lbs              125     20"          19 gal       50"/20 gal             8'0"                3 solid           6
  Seat Bases
  Fuel Tank       Sport      SS

24 | LUND                                                                                                                                                                      www.lundboats.com
                                                                                                                                                                                  REBEL XL
                                                                                                                                                                                     SS
                                                                                                                                                                                    1650




Boats may show factory and/or dealer installed options. Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                                                                       FUN FOR THE WHOLE FAMILY.
                                                                                                                  The new 1650 Rebel XL SS is the ideal fishing boat that the whole
                                                                                                                  family can enjoy. Enclosed battery storage frees up space onboard
                                                                                                                  for more casting maneuverability, and ample gear and rod storage
                                                                                                                  prevents clutter. The 1650 Rebel XL SS features optional aft flip-up
                                                                                                                  seating and an optional ProRide seat to make extended fishing runs
                                                                                                                             as comfortable as possible. Select from a dual console or
                                                                                                                             side console configuration.




       Side rod storage holds rods                 Aft flip-up seats provide space and                 The console includes a mesh               Spacious in-floor storage lets     An optional boarding ladder
                           up to 8'                   comfort for more fishing buddies             storage pocket and clear gauges                you bring along all you need      makes water access simple
                                                                                                                                                                                                       and safe
                                                                                                                                                 SPECIFICATIO N S                                     L AY O U T

                           IPS™             Approximate         Maximum         Transom    Fuel     Livewell       Rod Storage         Seat        Seat                                              Storage
  Length     Beam       Chine Width           Weight               HP            Height    Tank     Systems          Length          Pedestals    Bases                                              Livewell
   16'6"      84"           71"               850 lbs              90              20"    19 gal   35"/16 gal         8'0"            3 solid       6                                                Baitwell
                                                                                                                                                                                                       Seats
                                                                                                                                                                                                  Seat Bases
                                                                                                                                                                                                   Fuel Tank

www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                                                 LUND | 25
         REBEL XL
        Sport & Tiller
            1650




                                               Boats may show factory and/or dealer installed options. Please see dealer for details.



                                                                                                       Two-tone paint option shown.

STEADY, READY.
Perfect for the first-time boat owner, the
1650 Rebel XL offers ultimate fishability
and affordability. Featuring Lund’s IPS
hull, it exhibits fantastic stability, while
lightweight construction promotes easy
towing and launching. Choose from a dual
console layout with walk-through wind-
shield, or keep it simple with the tiller
version and run the boat from the transom.




26 | LUND
         Optional ProRide seats       Easy-to-reach toggles and cell phone                  Aft flip-up seats provide extra                Clear gauges on the Rebel XL      A generous 35", 16-gallon
  provide optimum comfort and          holder at the helm add convenience             seating or a larger casting platform           console (Sport) put you in command          livewell holds keepers
               maneuverability
                                                                                                                                          SPECIFICATIO N S                                   L AY O U T

                     IPS™         Approximate     Maximum       Transom       Fuel        Livewell        Rod Storage           Seat         Seat                                           Storage
 Length   Beam    Chine Width       Weight           HP          Height       Tank        Systems           Length            Pedestals     Bases                                           Livewell
 16'6"    84"         71"           890 lbs          90           20"        19 gal      35"/16 gal           8'0"             3 solid        6       Sport                                 Baitwell
 16'6"    84"         71"           800 lbs          60           20"        19 gal      35"/16 gal           8'0"             3 solid        6       Tiller                                  Seats
                                                                                                                                                                                         Seat Bases

                                                                                                                                                                     Sport    Tiller      Fuel Tank

www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                                         LUND | 27
             OUTFITTER
                    1750




                                                                                                                            Boats may show factory and/or dealer installed options. Please see dealer for details.




OUTFITTED FOR ANYTHING.
Ideal for fishing camps in the rugged far north, the 1750 Outfitter
gets the job done every time. The tiller-controlled fishing machine fea-
tures removable storage compartments to make loading, transport
and unloading a breeze—whether hauling gear or food for a simple
shore lunch. The IPS hull ensures a stable, dry ride in even the rough-
est unchartered waters. A center baitwell and deep below-
deck storage free up space onboard.




Port and starboard rear side   Aerated 20-gallon livewell in the              Deep, pass-through bow storage         Side rod holders add convenience                       Keep gear in reach with the
storage frees up space         bow keeps catch fresh                          eliminates clutter                                                                            dual removable bow storage
                                                                                                                                                                            compartments
LAYOU T                                  SPECIFICATIONS

  Storage                                                                   IPS™        Approximate     Maximum   Transom         Fuel          Livewell          Rod Storage            Seat             Seat
  Livewell                                           Length    Beam      Chine Width      Weight           HP      Height         Tank          Systems             Length             Pedestals         Bases
  Baitwell                                            17'7"        77"     61.25"         805 lbs          60       20"          19 gal       42"/20 gal             8'2"                3 solid           4
  Seats
  Seat Bases
  Fuel Tank

28 | LUND                                                                                                                                                                     www.lundboats.com
                                                                                                                                                                                         ALASKAN
                                                                                                                                                                                       DC & SS
                                                                                                                                                                                   2000 / 1800 / 1600




Boats may show factory and/or dealer installed options. Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                                                                                                   DOWN TO BUSINESS.
                                                                                                                    The Lund Alaskan provides robust performance for every kind of
                                                                                                                    outdoorsman—from outfitters and guides to hunters and anglers.
                                                                                                                    Incredible onboard space and thoughtful storage let you bring what-
                                                                                                                    ever you need onboard, and the Alaksan’s versatility means you can
                                                                                                                    switch from hauling gear to hauling fish in the blink of an eye. Choose
                                                                                                                                between a walk-through and side console layout to meet
                                                                                                                                your boating needs.




       In-deck storage in the bow                    Functional control console makes                  Premium bow storage is extra                 40", 18-gallon bow livewell offers        Deep side storage makes room
                    packs it all in                                 for easy operation                    deep so you can fit in more                    plenty of room for your catch                     for anything extra

                                                                                                                                                        SPECIFICATIO N S                                           L AY O U T

                          IPS™ 2            Approximate         Maximum         Transom    Fuel      Livewell        Rod Storage          Seat            Seat                                                    Storage
  Length     Beam       Chine Width           Weight               HP            Height    Tank      Systems           Length           Pedestals        Bases                                                    Livewell
   20'6"     90.5"          76"              1275 lbs             125              25"    27 gal    40"/18 gal          8'6"             3 solid            5      2000 DC                                        Baitwell
                                                                                                                                                                               2000 DC 2000 SS 1800 DC
   20'6"     90.5"          76"              1200 lbs             125              25"    27 gal    40"/18 gal          8'6"             3 solid            5      2000 SS                                          Seats
   18'9"      83"          69.5"             1105 lbs              90              20"    19 gal   46"/15.5 gal         9'0"             2 solid            5      1800 DC
   18'9"      83"          69.5"             1030 lbs              90              20"    19 gal   46"/15.5 gal         9'0"             2 solid            5      1800 SS                                     Seat Bases
  16'10"      81"          69.5"              915 lbs              75              20"    19 gal   46"/15.5 gal         7'0"             2 solid            4      1600 SS                                       Fuel Tank

www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                                                              LUND | 29
                                                                                                                                                                                    1800 SS    1600 SS
         ALASKAN
            Tiller
      2000 / 1800 / 1600




                                               Boats may show factory and/or dealer installed options. Please see dealer for details.




PURE WORKHORSE.
As proficient at holding people as it is at
hauling gear, the Alaskan tiller never says
no to a heavy load. Vinyl floors allow for
quick and easy cleanup, and a lightweight
build gets you where you need to be with
speed yet without burning through fuel. A
spacious bow casting platform is perfect for
snagging pike and muskie, and optional
Fall Marsh paint or Wetlands® designs aid
waterfowl hunters.



30 | LUND
Large side storage compartments              Optional Wetlands® seat package           The 1800 Alaskan Tiller keeps all your               Wide-open floor layout maximizes   Storage is easy to access
            hold a variety of gear                          helps you blend in       switches conveniently at your fingertips                                maneuverability                 throughout

                                                                                                                                               SPECIFICATIO N S                               L AY O U T
                                                                                                                                                                     2000
                        IPS™         Approximate      Maximum       Transom       Fuel       Livewell       Rod Storage           Seat            Seat                                       Storage
  Length    Beam     Chine Width       Weight            HP          Height       Tank       Systems          Length            Pedestals        Bases                                       Livewell
   20'6"    90.5"        76"          1105 lbs          125           20"        27 gal    40"/18 gal           8'6"             3 solid           4      2000       1800                    Baitwell
   18'9"     83"        69.5"          975 lbs           75           20"        19 gal   46"/15.5 gal          9'0"             2 solid           4      1800                                 Seats
  16'10"     81"        69.5"          860 lbs           60           20"        19 gal   46"/15.5 gal          7'0"             2 solid           3      1600       1600                 Seat Bases
                                                                                                                                                                                           Fuel Tank

www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                                          LUND | 31
              SSV
            18 / 16 / 14




                                                Boats may show factory and/or dealer installed options. Please see dealer for details.




GET IT DONE.
When you’re off the beaten path and need
a rough-and-ready boat to get the job done,
turn to Lund’s SSV. Built from heavier alu-
minum than other boats in its class, the
SSV tackles rough waves and rocky shores
with resiliency. Durable walk-through
seating and drop-in flooring make cleaning
a no-hassle affair. A modest, reliable engine
lets you run efficiently while saving money.




32 | LUND
       Aft battery and gas-tank                   Optional SS console offers a           Optional raised bow deck storage                        Optional port console lets your        Optional drop-in floor
     storage compartments add                   choice for those who prefer the                             packs it all in                          co-captain ride in comfort    creates more casting room
                    convenience                 ease of use of a steering wheel
                                                                                                                                                 SPECIFICATIO N S                                   L AY O U T
                                                                                                                                                                         18
                      IPS™        Approximate         Maximum       Transom       Fuel    Livewell        Rod Storage             Seat              Seat                                           Storage
 Length   Beam     Chine Width      Weight               HP          Height       Tank    Systems           Length              Pedestals          Bases                                           Livewell
 18'4"     76"        57"           460 lbs              60            20"        —         —                 —               2 cross, 4 split      —        18          16                        Baitwell
 16'2"     72"        55.5"       340/350 lbs            40          15"/20"      —         —                 —               2 cross, 4 split      —        16                                      Seats
 14'2"     70"        55.5"       285/295 lbs            35          15"/20"      —         —                 —               2 cross, 4 split      —        14                                 Seat Bases
                                                                                                                                                                         14
                                                                                                                                                                                                 Fuel Tank

www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                                               LUND | 33
                 FURY
               SS & Tiller
                  1600




                                                                                                                                      Boats may show factory and/or dealer installed options. Please see dealer for details.




A FURIOUS FIGHTER.
The compact, well-designed Lund Fury has everything you need for
fishing in waters big and small. This remarkably lightweight rig gives
you access to launch sites you couldn’t attempt with most boats. But
don’t let the Fury’s size fool you—it’s loaded to the brim with features,
like ample rod storage, the same comfortable seating found on Lund’s
bigger boats, and an optional SS windshield.




Optional SS windshield protects      Extensive in-deck storage holds                Lund standard seat provides                Port and starboard stepped rod                         Chrome cleats aid in quick
from the elements                    all your gear                                  all-day comfort                            storage holds up to 12 rods (7'6")                     and secure tie-downs

LAYOU T                                        SPECIFICATIONS

  Storage                                                                         IPS™        Approximate         Maximum   Transom         Fuel         Livewell          Rod Storage             Seat            Seat
  Livewell                                                 Length      Beam    Chine Width      Weight               HP      Height         Tank         Systems             Length              Pedestals        Bases
  Baitwell                                        SS       16'2"       73.5"      56"            565 lbs            40        20"            —          34"/10 gal             7'6"                2 solid           4
  Seats                                           Tiller   16'2"       73.5"      56"            520 lbs            40        20"            —          34"/10 gal             7'6"                2 solid           3
  Seat Bases
  Fuel Tank          SS           Tiller

34 | LUND                                                                                                                                                                               www.lundboats.com
                                                                                                                                                                                      FURY
                                                                                                                                                                                  SS & Tiller
                                                                                                                                                                                     1400




Boats may show factory and/or dealer installed options. Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                                                                               MULTI-SPECIES MACHINE.
                                                                                                               Go everywhere, catch everything. The Fury’s solid construction and
                                                                                                               thoughtfully designed layout gives anglers access to lakes, rivers and
                                                                                                               streams of all sizes. Where most smaller boats leave out essential fea-
                                                                                                               tures, the Fury doesn’t skimp. Running lights, a bilge pump, a center
                                                                                                               livewell, and port and starboard rod storage let you fish with the best
                                                                                                                           of them. Choose from a side console or tiller layout.




       Convenient pedestal seats                        Aerated 10-gallon bow livewell             Lund standard seats ensure a              Ergonomic console puts everything              Dual side-stepped rod
                   remove easily                                keeps your catch lively                       comfortable crew                                    within reach         storage holds rods up to 7'

                                                                                                                                                  SPECIFICATIO N S                                      L AY O U T

                           IPS™            Approximate         Maximum          Transom   Fuel    Livewell      Rod Storage         Seat            Seat                                               Storage
  Length     Beam       Chine Width          Weight               HP             Height   Tank    Systems         Length          Pedestals        Bases                                               Livewell
   14'9"      72"           56"               545 lbs              30             20"     —      34"/10 gal         7'             2 solid           3       SS                                        Baitwell
   14'9"      72"           56"               470 lbs              30             20"     —      34"/10 gal         7'             2 solid           3       Tiller                                       Seats
                                                                                                                                                                                                    Seat Bases

                                                                                                                                                                                 SS     Tiller        Fuel Tank

www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                                                   LUND | 35
                    WC
               16 / 14 / 12




NO FUSS, NO MUSS.
The WC is a heavy-duty rig constructed with the high quality you
expect from Lund, with a simple, down-to-business layout. Choose
from three sizes and two transom heights—15-inch or 20-inch.
Perma-ply cross seats stand the test of time and harsh weather, and
allow for plenty of room for you and your buddies. Great for portag-
ing or stationing at out camps or fly-ins, the WC gets the job done.




Aft grab handle enhances safety   Color-matched extruded aluminum motor       Aft battery and gas-tank storage         Oar locks and sturdy gunwales           Heavy-duty bow and corner
                                  plate shown in optional Fall Marsh color    compartments add convenience             withstand a pounding                    castings are incredibly durable

LAYOU T                                     SPECIFICATIONS
               16
  Storage                                                                   IPS™         Approximate      Maximum   Transom     Fuel       Livewell    Rod Storage         Seat            Seat
  Livewell                                             Length   Beam     Chine Width       Weight            HP      Height     Tank       Systems       Length          Pedestals        Bases
  Baitwell     14                              16       16'2"    72"         —           325/335 lbs         25     15"/20"      —           —            —            3 cross, 2 split    —
  Seats                                        14       14'6"    69"         —           285/295 lbs         25     15"/20"      —           —            —            2 cross, 2 split    —
  Seat Bases                                   12       12'2"    61”         —             205 lbs           15       15"        —           —            —            2 cross, 2 split    —
               12
  Fuel Tank

36 | LUND                                                                                                                                                        www.lundboats.com
                                                                                                                                                               A, C & WD
                                                                                                                                                                 16 / 14 / 12




                                                                                                                                               TOUGH AND READY.
                                                                                                For last-minute, hassle-free outings, turn to the A, C & WD series.
                                                                                                Lightweight, durable, stable and affordable, these boats are the whole
                                                                                                package. A 15-inch transom accommodates smaller outboards, and
                                                                                                incredibly strong, solid-metal seating resists any wear and tear.
                                                                                                Grab your tackle box, rod, net and any other gear you want, and head
                                                                                                out to the fish. Lund’s A, C & WD will carry it all, while keeping
                                                                                                you comfortable and dry.




           Extruded aluminum           Aluminum bench seats can take a            Heavy-duty rear corner castings          Bow corner castings are built-tough   Durable oar locks and rock-solid
   motor plates add toughness                licking and clean up easily                       enhance durability                                                gunwales stand up to heavy use

                                                                                                                                 SPECIFICATIO N S                                      L AY O U T
                                                                                                                                                       A-14
                    IPS™        Approximate     Maximum       Transom      Fuel   Livewell       Rod Storage          Seat          Seat                                              Storage
 Length   Beam   Chine Width      Weight           HP          Height      Tank   Systems          Length           Pedestals      Bases                                              Livewell
                                                                                                                                                       A-12
 14'1"    61"        —            194 lbs          15           15"        —        —                —               3 cross        —        A-14                                     Baitwell
 12'1"    60"        —            164 lbs          10           15"        —        —                —               3 cross        —        A-12                                        Seats
 16'2"    66"        —            250 lbs          25           15"        —        —                —               4 cross        —        C-16      C-16                        Seat Bases
 14'6"    69"        —          230/240 lbs        25         15"/20"      —        —                —               3 cross        —        WD-14                                   Fuel Tank
                                                                                                                                                       WD-14
www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                                   LUND | 37
lu.ca.fa12_WC_A_C_WD_jon_Layout 3 8/23/12 2:11 PM Page 38




                  JON BOATS
                       10 to 18 feet




     ONE TOUGH GUY.
     In hard-to-reach areas that never see other
     boats, the Lund Jon thrives. Riveted
     for extra strength and constructed with
     advanced marine-grade 5052 H34 alloy
     aluminum, these boats are prepared to
     handle even the roughest on-water condi-
     tions. Jons feature formed transom corner
     caps for smoother edges, and formed-in
     keels and spray rails for ultimate durability.




     S P E C I F I C AT I O N S

                                            Bottom    Side   Transom                     Maximum          Maximum       Approximate      Maximum            Maximum           Hull
                            Length   Beam    Width   Depth    Height   Ribs   Seats   Person Capacity   Person Weight     Weight      Weight Capacity          HP            Gauge
         1852MT              18'0"   75"     52"      21"      20"      10      4           6             815 lbs         475 lbs        1375 lbs              45            0.072"
         1648M              15'10"   70"     48"      21"    15"/20"    9       3           4             555 lbs         420 lbs        973 lbs               35            0.072"
         1648               15'10"   70"     48"      21"    15"/20"    9       3           4             555 lbs         420 lbs        973 lbs               35            0.072"
         1448M              15'10"   70"     48"      21"    15"/20"    7       3           4             500 lbs         365 lbs        825 lbs               25            0.072"
         1448               15'10"   70"     48"      21"    15"/20"    7       3           4             500 lbs         365 lbs        825 lbs               25            0.072"
         1436L               14'0"   57"     36"      17"      15"      8       3           3             350 lbs         145 lbs        552 lbs               15            0.050"
         1236               11'11"   56"     36"      17"      15"      6       3           3             325 lbs         140 lbs        527 lbs               10            0.050"
         1232               11'10"   48"     32"      16"      15"      3       3           2             295 lbs         90 lbs         335 lbs                3            0.050"
         1032                10'0"   48"     32"      16"      15"      2       3           2             180 lbs         80 lbs         275 lbs                3            0.050"

                                                                                                                                          M: Modified | T: Tall Transom | L: Lightweight


     38 | LUND                                                                                                                                          www.lundboats.com
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 COLORS




                                                               Sport Angler




                                                                                                   Crossover




                                                                                                                             Pro Guide




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Jon Boats
                                                                                                                                              Rebel XL
                                                                                      Predator




                                                                                                                                                             Outfitter


                                                                                                                                                                             Alaskan
✓




                                                                                                                 Impact
                                          Baron
                                  Pro-V

    Standard Color



                                                        Tyee




                                                                                                                                                                                                 Fury
                                                                                                                                                                                       SSV
l




                                                                                                                                                                                                            WC




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       WD
    Optional Color




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 C
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     A
    FREEBOARD COLORS
               Majestic Red       ✓       ✓             ✓       ✓                     ✓            —              ✓            ✓              —              —               —            —       —         —        —           —     —          —

               Arctic White       ✓       ✓             ✓       ✓                     —             ✓             ✓            ✓              —                  ✓           ✓            ✓       —         ✓        —           —     —          —

                Cobalt Blue       ✓       ✓             ✓       ✓                     —             ✓             ✓            ✓              —                  ✓           ✓            ✓       ✓         ✓        —           —     —          —

            Titanium Silver       ✓       ✓             ✓       ✓                     ✓             ✓             ✓            ✓               ✓             —               —            —       —         —        —           —     —          —

                 Rebel Red        —       —             —      —                      —            —             —            —                ✓             —               —            —       —         —        —           —     —          —

               Wildfire Red       —       —             —       ✓                     —             ✓             ✓            ✓              —                  ✓           ✓            ✓       ✓         ✓        —           —     —          —

                      Black       ✓       ✓             ✓       ✓                     ✓             ✓             ✓            ✓               ✓                 ✓           ✓            ✓       ✓         ✓        —           —     ✓          —

           Olive Drab Green       —       —             —      —                      —            —             —            —               —              —               —            —       —         —        l           l     —              ✓
            HULL COLORS
                 Vapor Mist       ✓       ✓             ✓       ✓                     —            —              ✓            ✓               l             —               —            —       —         —        —           —     —          —

                 Aluminum         —       —             —      —                      —            —             —            —               —                  ✓           ✓            ✓       ✓         ✓        ✓           ✓     ✓          —

                      White       —       —             —      —                      —             ✓            —            —               —              —               —            —       —         —        —           —     —          —

            Titanium Silver       —       —             —      —                      —             ✓            —            —               —              —               —            —       —         —        —           —     —          —
         INTERIOR COLORS
                     Bronze       —       ✓             ✓      —                      —            —             —            —               —              —               —            —       —         —        —           —     —          —

                        Ash       ✓       ✓             ✓       ✓                     ✓             ✓             ✓            ✓               ✓             —               —            —       ✓         —        —           —     —          —

                       Grey       —       —             —      —                      —            —             —            —               —                  ✓           ✓            ✓       —         ✓        ✓           ✓     ✓          —
         DECAL PACKAGES
           Lund Wetlands®         —       —             —      —                      —            —             —            —               —              —               l            —       —         —        —           —     —          —

           Lund Fall Marsh        —       —             —      —                      —            —             —            —               —                  l           l            l       l         l        l           l     —          —




EXTERIOR OPTIONS


majestic red           arctic white       cobalt blue                titanium silver                       rebel red                     wildfire red                    black                 olive drab green     vapor mist         aluminum
freeboard              freeboard          freeboard                  freeboard                             freeboard/hull                freeboard                       freeboard/hull        freeboard/hull       hull               hull



INTERIOR OPTIONS                                                                                                                                                                              DECAL PACKAGES

                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Fall Marsh         Fall Marsh
                                                                                                                                                                                              Fall Marsh          seating            vinyl flooring
bronze                                            ash                                                                grey fleck

                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Wetlands®          Wetlands®
carpet               vinyl        seats           carpet                      vinyl              seats               vinyl                               seats                                Wetlands®           seating            vinyl flooring



www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                                                                                           LUND | 39
SPORTTRAK™ & PROTRAK™
SPORTTRAK™ ACCESSORIES SYSTEM
Attach a variety of accessories like rod holders, cup holders and even electronics to your Lund without drilling holes in your boat. Heavy-duty SportTrak™
brackets mount securely along patented SportTrak™ gunwales so you can position gear just about anywhere. Available on Pro-V, Baron, Tyee, Sport Angler,
Predator, Explorer, Impact, Pro Guide, Rebel XL, Outfitter and Alaskan models.




SportTrak™ bracket (two standard with most models)                             Rod holder                                               Downrigger bracket (available on most models)




Cup holders                                                                    Downrigger bracket mount* (available on select models)   Rod bracket (Sport Angler only)
*This accessory mounts to SportTrak (inside gunwale) and ProTrak (outside gunwale).



PATENTED PROTRAK™ BOAT COVERING SYSTEM
Lund provides boating’s ultimate weather-tight fit. The unique ProTrak™ gunwale features a specially engineered channel tucked up and under the exterior
gunwale to keep rain and weather out while allowing air to circulate when the canvas is in use. ProTrak™ covers attach to adjustable snaps that move along
the channel to ensure a custom fit. Not available on SSV, Fury, WC, A, C or WD models.




Adjustable snaps for a custom fit                                              Hidden channel for a weather-tight fit                   Heavy-duty canvas cover




40 | LUND                                                                                                                                                                 www.lundboats.com
lu.ca.fa12.colors_opts_accs_Layout 1 8/22/12 12:24 PM Page 41




                                                                                                                                                    LUND GEAR




        WEAR WITH PRIDE
        You wouldn’t be caught in any boat but a Lund while fishing your favorite waters. Now you can further look the part of a hardcore angler,
        thanks to Lund’s extensive line of apparel and gear. Men, women and children can sport clothing with a range of Lund logos from past to
        present, hats for sun protection, accessories such as coffee mugs and wallets—and more. Show your Lund pride along with the pros by
        visiting www.lundboats.com/gear.




        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                LUND | 41
OPTIONS & ACCESSORIES
TOP SETS
High-quality materials, easy-to-use designs and attention to detail distinguish Lund top sets.*




Complete top set (2150 Baron shown—style will vary by model. Eisenglass available on            Optional sun top (1675 Impact shown)
1950/2150 only.) *Full canvas enclosure should be used only when boat is anchored or at rest.

TRAILERS




Standard roller trailer (shown with optional load guides)                                       Standard tandem bunk trailer (shown with optional load guides)




Custom roller tandem trailer (shown with optional load guides)                                  Tandem fiberglass stainless fenders

OPTIONAL DECAL PACKAGES
Lund’s optional camouflage designs cover the interior and exterior surfaces for ultimate performance.




Lund Wetlands® camouflage interior and exterior (available on Alaskan)                          Lund Fall Marsh color option (available on select models)


42 | LUND                                                                                                                                                        www.lundboats.com
                                                                                                           OPTIONS & ACCESSORIES




           Pilot                                                   Captain                 ProRide                                         Standard

Pilot & Captain chair                                                                  ProRide & Standard seat




Aft flip-up seat (1875/1775 Pro-V, Impact, Rebel XL)   Bike seat                                                 Bow crappie bases




Bow cushions (Crossover)                               Bow cushions (1900/1800 Tyee)                             Bow cushions (Rebel XL)




1-step boarding ladder                                 2-step boarding ladder                                    3-step boarding ladder


www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                             LUND | 43
OPTIONS & ACCESSORIES




Mooring cover                                                                                       ProTrak™ cover




Tilt steering (1775 Pro-V, Impact, 1600 Rebel XL,                Bow rock guard                                                   Splash pan inserts (Pro-V and Impact)
2000 Alaskan)




Stereo #1 (Std on 2075/1975 Pro-V, 1950/1900 Tyee, 2150 Baron.   Stereo #2 (Sport Angler, 2010 Predator, 1800 Rebel XL, Impact,   Stereo #3 (1875/1775 Pro-V and Crossover)
Opt on 1800/1750 Tyee)                                           Pro Guide)




Ski pylon (Tyee and Crossover)                                   Turbo swing                                                      Kicker motor pre-rig


44 | LUND                                                                                                                                                           www.lundboats.com
                                                                     OPTIONS & ACCESSORIES




Special Edition graphics




Recreation charger                     Professional 3-bank charger       SmartCraft™ gauges




Washdown system (Sport Angler shown)   Bow baitwell                      Lounger seat
                                                                         (Tyee and Crossover)




Snap-in carpet                         Bow cargo net                     4-speaker option (1900/1800 Tyee and Crossover)


www.lundboats.com                                                                                                          LUND | 45
                                                                   STANDARD &
                                                                   OPTIONAL EQUIPMENT




                                                                                                                                                                                                   SSV, Fury, WC, A, C, WD
                                                                                  Sport Angler




                                                                                                               Crossover




                                                                                                                                           Pro Guide



                                                                                                                                                           Rebel XL
                                                                                                    Predator




                                                                                                                                                                      Outfitter



                                                                                                                                                                                       Alaskan
                                                                                                                              Impact
                                                       Baron
                                         Pro-V




                                                                     Tyee



                        FISHING
                     Aft baitwell         ✓             —            —            —                 —          —              —             ✓              —          —               —            —
   Aft casting deck sun cushion           —             —            —            —                 —          —              —            —           l XL Sport,    —               —            —
       (requires aft flip-up seat)                                                                                                                        XL SS
            Aft casting platform          ✓             ✓            ✓            —                 ✓          ✓              ✓            —           ✓ XL Sport,    —               —            —
                                                                                                                                                         XL SS
                Aft flip-up seats    l 1875/1775        ✓            ✓            —                 ✓          ✓               l           —           l XL Sport,    —               —            —
                                                                                                                                                         XL SS
                    Bow livewell       ✓ lighted     ✓ lighted    ✓ lighted    ✓ lighted         ✓ lighted     —           ✓ lighted    ✓ lighted          ✓          ✓              ✓ 2000      ✓ Fury
   Built-in tackle compartment            ✓             ✓          ✓ 1950         —                 —          —              —            —               —          —               —            —
     Crappie Edition with extra      l 1875/1775        —            —            —                 —          —               l       l 1825/1725         —          —               —            —
     bow seat bases & baitwell
            Downrigger brackets           l             l            l            l                  l         l               l            l              l          —                l           —
     FURNITURE & FLOORING
                      Aft storage      ✓ 1775           ✓            ✓            ✓                 ✓          ✓              ✓             ✓              ✓          —              ✓ 2000        —
                        Bike seat         l             l            l            l                  l         l               l            l              l           l               l         l Fury

                 Bow cargo nets      ✓ 2075/1975        ✓          ✓ 1950         —                 —          —               l       ✓ 2010/1825         —          —               —            —
                                     l 1875/1775                 l 1900/1800

                 Bow multi base      l 1875/1775        —            —            —                 —          —               l            l              l          —              l 2000        —
      Built-in fuel tank storage          —             —            —            —                 —          —              —            —               —          —               —           ✓ SSV,
                                                                                                                                                                                                 Fury, WC
                   Captain chair          l             l            l            l                 —          l              —          l 2010            —          —               —            —
                       Pilot chair        —             —            l            —                 —          l              —        l 2010/1875         —          —               —            —
         ProRide pedestal seats           ✓             ✓            ✓            l                  l         ✓               l            l              l           l               l         l Fury

                 Standard seats           —             —            —            ✓                 ✓          —              ✓             ✓              ✓          ✓                ✓         ✓ Fury
          Swivel-Eze solid seat,      ✓ 1775 (3)        ✓            ✓            ✓                 ✓          ✓              ✓             ✓              ✓          ✓                ✓         ✓ Fury
           pedestals and bases
                 CONVENIENCE
               AirRide pedestals       ✓ 2075/        ✓ (1)          l            l               l 1810       l               l            l              l          —                l         l Fury
                                     1975/1875 (3)
                Boarding ladder      ✓ 2075/1975        l        ✓ 1900/1800      l                  l         ✓               l            l              l           l               l         l Fury
                                     l 1875/1775




46 | LUND                                                                                                                                                                         www.lundboats.com
The following solid construction features come standard on all Lund models**: aluminum bow and corner castings, double-riveted seams,
heavy-duty treated transom, marine-grade 5052 H34 aluminum, oven-cured finish and poured foam for level flotation.




                                                                                                                                                                              SSV, Fury, WC, A, C, WD
                                                                      Sport Angler




                                                                                                 Crossover




                                                                                                                         Pro Guide



                                                                                                                                     Rebel XL
✓




                                                                                      Predator




                                                                                                                                                Outfitter



                                                                                                                                                                Alaskan
                                                                                                             Impact
    Standard Feature
                                                  Baron
                                       Pro-V




l
                                                            Tyee
    Optional Equipment

                   Bow cushion          —          l         l        —               —           l          —            —           l         —              —              —
     Bow panel with trim switch     ✓ 2075/1975    —         —        —              ✓ 2010      —           —            —          —          —              —              —
                                    l 1875/1775

                 Bow rock guard         l          l         l         l               l          l           l            l          l         —               l             —
             Bow stem protector         —          —         —         l              —          —           —            —          —            l             l             —
                    Bow storage         ✓          ✓         ✓         ✓               ✓         ✓            ✓            ✓          ✓          ✓              ✓           ✓ Fury
                                                                                                                                                                          l 18/16 SSV

                 CE certification     l 1975       —       l 1950     —               —          —            l       l 1825/1725     l         —            l 1800/       l SSV-14,
                                                                                                                                                             1600 SS         Fury,
                                                                                                                                                                           16/14 WC
                   Cockpit cover        l          l         l         l               l          l           l            l          l           l             l             —
               Driver seat slider       l          l         l         l             ✓ 2010      ✓            l            l         —          —              —              —
                                                                                     l 1810

                   Grab handles         ✓          ✓         ✓         ✓             ✓ 2010      ✓           —             ✓         —          —            ✓1800/         ✓ Fury
                                                                                                                                                            1600 Tiller
                    Heavy-duty          —          —         —         ✓               ✓         —            ✓            ✓          ✓          ✓              ✓             —
             gunwale extrusions
       Interchangeable aerator/         ✓          ✓         ✓         ✓               ✓         ✓            ✓            ✓          ✓          ✓              ✓           ✓ Fury
                bilge cartridges
                         ProDeck        —          ✓         ✓        —               —           l          —            —          —          —              —              —
             Recessed ring deck         ✓          —         —        —               —          —           —            —          —          —              —              —
                   and controls
             Recessed stainless         ✓          ✓       ✓ 1950/    —              ✓ 2010      —           —             ✓         —          —              —              —
                    steel cleats                          1900/1800
       Self-draining splash pan         ✓          ✓         ✓         ✓               ✓         ✓            ✓            ✓          ✓          ✓              ✓         ✓ SSV, Fury
                 Snap-in carpet         l          l         l        —                l          l           l            l         —          —              —              —
                 Solid pedestals      ✓ 1775      ✓ (3)      ✓         ✓               ✓         ✓            ✓            ✓          ✓          ✓              ✓           ✓ Fury
       Stainless steel bow rails       l IFS       ✓       ✓ 1950/    —               —          —           —            —          —          —              —              —
                                                          1900/1800
              Tournament cover      l 2075/1975    —         —        —               —          —           —            —          —          —              —              —
      Traditional-style ring deck   l 2075/1975    —         —        —               —          —           —            —          —          —              —              —
                and side panels
    Twin-plating bow to midship         ✓          ✓         ✓         ✓               ✓         ✓            ✓            ✓          ✓          ✓             —              —
              Washdown system           l          —         —         l              —          —           —          l 2010       —          —              —              —




www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                         LUND | 47
                                                           STANDARD &
                                                           OPTIONAL EQUIPMENT




                                                                                                                                                                                        SSV, Fury, WC, A, C, WD
                                                                      Sport Angler




                                                                                                  Crossover




                                                                                                                               Pro Guide



                                                                                                                                               Rebel XL
                                                                                       Predator




                                                                                                                                                          Outfitter



                                                                                                                                                                           Alaskan
                                                                                                                  Impact
                                                  Baron
                                        Pro-V




                                                             Tyee



                ELECTRONICS
          Auto-style fuse panel          ✓         ✓         ✓        ✓               —           ✓               —            —               —          —               —             —
            and wiring harness
       Additional trolling motor    ✓ 2075/1975   —          —        —                 l         —                l            l              l           l               l          l Fury
                         plug-in    l 1875/1775

                 Clarion stereo       ✓ 1875      —          —        —               —           ✓               —            —               —          —               —             —
                                      l 1775

    Easy-access service portals          ✓         ✓         ✓        ✓                ✓          ✓               ✓             ✓              ✓          —               —             —
             Extruded keelsons          —         —          —        —               —           —               —            —               —          —                ✓            ✓
    Factory kicker motor pre-rig         l         l         l        l              l 2010       l           l 1875/1775      —               —          —               —             —
               Fire extinguisher         ✓         ✓         ✓        l                 l         l                l            l              l           l               l            —
                  Interior lights        ✓         ✓         ✓        ✓                ✓          ✓               ✓             ✓            ✓ (1)        —               —             —
         Sony AM/FM/CD stereo       ✓ 2075/1975    ✓       ✓ 1950     l                 l         —                l            l          l XL Sport,    —               —             —
                                                           l 1900/                                                                           XL SS
                                                          1800/1750
                          HELM
             Bubble windshield         ✓ SE       —          —        —                ✓          —              ✓ SS          —            ✓ XL SS       —               l SS       l Fury SS,
                                                                                                                                                                                        SSV
               Console storage           ✓         ✓         ✓        ✓               —           ✓             ✓ Sport     ✓ Command      ✓ XL Sport     —              l DC        l SSV-18

     Custom dual consoles with       ✓ IFS/SE      ✓         ✓        ✓               —           ✓             ✓ Sport        —           ✓ XL Sport     —              ✓ DC           —
       walk-through windshield
       Custom-molded console           ✓ SE       —          —        —                ✓          —              ✓ SS          —               —          —              ✓ SS        ✓ Fury SS
                                                                                                                                                                                      l SSV

                           Horn          ✓         ✓         ✓        ✓              ✓ 2010       ✓               ✓             ✓              l          —                l          l Fury
                                                                                     l 1810

       Lighted instrumentation           ✓         ✓         ✓        ✓                ✓          ✓               ✓             ✓          ✓ XL Sport,    ✓             l DC, SS      l Fury,
                                                                                                                                             XL SS                                      SSV
              Lockable storage           ✓         ✓         ✓                         ✓          ✓               ✓             ✓              ✓          —               —             —
               Mercury Pre-Rig           ✓         ✓         ✓        ✓                ✓          ✓               ✓             ✓          ✓ XL Sport,    —             ✓ DC, SS     ✓ Fury SS
                                                                                                                                             XL SS                                    l SSV

   Mercury Pre-Rig with gauges           ✓         ✓         ✓        ✓                ✓          ✓               ✓             ✓          ✓ XL Sport,    —             l DC, SS      l Fury,
                                                                                                                                             XL SS                                      SSV
   Mercury SmartCraftTM gauges           l         l         l        l              l 2010       l                l            l              —          —               —             —
          Padded bow bolsters           —          l         l        —               —           ✓               —            —               —          —               —             —




48 | LUND                                                                                                                                                             www.lundboats.com
The following solid construction features come standard on all Lund models**: aluminum bow and corner castings, double-riveted seams,
heavy-duty treated transom, marine-grade 5052 H34 aluminum, oven-cured finish and poured foam for level flotation.




                                                                                                                                                                                           SSV, Fury, WC, A, C, WD
                                                                             Sport Angler
✓




                                                                                                             Crossover




                                                                                                                                    Pro Guide



                                                                                                                                                  Rebel XL
                                                                                              Predator




                                                                                                                                                             Outfitter
    Standard Feature




                                                                                                                                                                              Alaskan
                                                                                                                         Impact
l
                                                  Baron
                                       Pro-V




    Optional Equipment                                          Tyee


    Port console with windshield      l SE         —            —            —                l              —           l SS       —           l XL SS      —            l 2000 SS     l SSV-18

            Power tiller steering      —           —            —            —               —               —           —           l            —          —           l 2000/1800      —
          ProCapacity lockable          ✓          ✓            ✓            —              ✓ 2010           ✓            ✓          ✓            —          —               —            —
            in-floor rod storage
          with oblong rod tubes
               PERFORMANCE
            Built-in fuel system        ✓          ✓            ✓            ✓                ✓              ✓            ✓          ✓            ✓          ✓               ✓            —
           Thru-hull freshwater      ✓2075/        —            —            —              ✓ 2010           —           —        ✓ 2010          —          —               —            —
                 pickup system      1975/1875




      STANDARD FEATURES ON MOST* MODELS**:                                                               POPULAR OPTIONS AVAILABLE ON MOST* MODELS**:
         Accessory brackets (standard on all models except SSV, Fury, WC, A, C, WD;                        Additional pedestal seats (optional on all models except SSV, WC, A, C, WD)
         optional on Crossover, Impact, Rebel XL, Outfitter, Alaskan)                                      Battery charger (optional on all models except SSV, WC, A, C, WD)
         Bilge pump (standard on all models except SSV, WC, A, C, WD)                                      Easy-clean vinyl flooring (optional on all models except SSV, WC, A, C, WD;
         Bow eye (standard on all models)                                                                  standard on Sport Angler, Outfitter, Alaskan, Fury)
         Built-in fuel tank (standard on all models except SSV, Fury, WC, A, C, WD)                        Mooring cover
         Carpeted floor (standard on all models except Sport Angler, Outfitter, Alaskan,                   ProTrak™ cover
         SSV, Fury, WC, A, C, WD)
         Casting platform (standard on all models except 1800 Alaskan DC, 1800/1600                       * Not all standard and optional equipment available on all models; see your
         Alaskan, SSV, WC, A, C, WD)                                                                        Lund dealer for more information.
         Cleats (standard on all models except SSV, WC, A, C, WD)                                        ** See your Lund dealer or visit www.lundboats.com for Jon boat standards and
         Deck mounting pad (standard on all models except SSV, WC, A, C, WD)                                options.
         Drink holders (standard on most models)
         Electronics package: depthfinder, trolling motor—see dealer for details (standard
         1650 Rebel XL)
         Mercury outboard motor (standard on all models except Outfitter, SSV, WC, A, C, WD)
         Navigation lights (standard on all models except A, C, WD; optional on SSV, WC)
         Shoreland’r trailer (standard on all models except Outfitter, SSV, WC, A, C, WD)




www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                                       LUND | 49
                                                                             SPECIFICATIONS




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  2000 Sport Angler



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         1800 Sport Angler
                                         2075 Pro-V IFS



                                                            1975 Pro-V IFS



                                                                               1875 Pro-V IFS




                                                                                                                    1775 Pro-V IFS
                                                                                                  1875 Pro-V SE




                                                                                                                                       1775 Pro-V SE



                                                                                                                                                          2150 Baron



                                                                                                                                                                         1950 Tyee



                                                                                                                                                                                       1900 Tyee



                                                                                                                                                                                                     1800 Tyee



                                                                                                                                                                                                                   1750 Tyee
                     Page Number            6                  7                   8                8                  9                  9               10             11            12            13            13             14                     14

              Horsepower Maximum         300                225                200                200               150               150                 300            225           200           175           150           225                    175

                  Centerline Length     20'8"              19'8"             18'10"             18'10"            17'10"             17'10"             21'10"          19'8"         19'1"         18'1"         17'6"          20'6"                  18'6"

                       Beam Width        97"                97"                95"                95"               95"                95"               100"            98"           98"           95"           93"           97"                    97"

                        Stern Width      97"                97"                94"                94"               94"                94"               100"            98"           97"           94"           93"           96"                    96"

                   Amidship Depth       39.5"              39.5"               37"                37"               37"                37"               52.5"           45"           45"         41.25"        41.25"          42.5"                  42.5"

                         Bow Depth       42"                42"                40"                40"               40"                40"                56"            48"           48"           45"         42.25"          46"                    46"

                    Transom Height       25"                25"                25"                25"               25"                25"                25"            25"           25"           25"           25"           25"                    25"

 Standard Boat Weight (approx. lbs)     2000               1830               1600               1500              1450               1350               2100           1735          1600          1400          1345           1600                   1460

                     Capacity (lbs)     2100               2000               1800               1800              1650               1650               2150           2000          1800          1700          1700           2100                   1900

       Fuel Tank (with gauge) (gal.)     62                 51                  40                40                32                 32                 78             50            40            27            27             50                     41

               Persons (maximum)            7                  6                   6                6                  6                  6               10               9             8             7             7               6                      6

                        Hull Design     IPS2               IPS2               IPS2               IPS2              IPS2               IPS2               IPS2           IPS2          IPS2          IPS2          IPS2           IPS2                   IPS2

       Thickness Freeboard/Bottom      .08/.125           .08/.125            .08/.1             .08/.1            .08/.1            .08/.1            .08/.125         .08/.1        .08/.1        .08/.1       .063/.08       .08/.1                 .08/.1

          Twin Hull Plate Thickness     .225               .225                  .2                .2                .2                 .2               .225             .2            .2           .18           .16             .2                      .2

                           Gunwale       PTG                PTG                PTG                PTG               PTG               PTG                 PTG            PTG           PTG           PTG           PTG           DTG                    DTG

                              Seats      4AR                4AR                3AR               3AR              3 solid            3 solid           3solid/1AR       4solid        3solid       3 solid       3 solid        2 solid                2 solid

                        Seat Bases          6                  6                   6                6                  6                  6                  6             6             6             6             6               7                      7

            Console (with steering)    T(◆✓H)             T(◆✓H)             T(◆l H)            S(◆l H)           T(✚l H)            S(✚l H)           T(◆✓H)          T(◆✓H)        T(◆✓H)        T(◆✓H)        T(◆l H)       T(✚l H)                T(✚l H)

                           Livewell      PLP                PLP                PLP                PLP               PL                 PL                  PL             PL           PL            PL            AL             AL                     AL

                       Rod Storage       ✓L                 ✓L                 ✓L                 ✓L                ✓L                 ✓L                 ✓L             ✓L            ✓L            ✓L            ✓L              ✓                      ✓

                     Battery Holder      ✓5                 ✓5                 ✓3                 ✓3                ✓3                 ✓3                 ✓3             ✓3            ✓3            ✓3            ✓3            ✓3                     ✓3

                    Canvas Top Set     l STl CT           l STl CT           l STl CT            l BT             l STl CT            l BT             l STl CT        l STl CT      l STl CT      l STl CT      l STl CT      l PCTl CT              l PCTl CT

                     Cockpit Depth     21.25"             21.25"               23"                23"               23"                23"               31.5"          27.5"          27"           27"           25"           26.5"                  26.5"

       Bow Casting Platform Depth        11"                11"                11"                11"               11"                11"                17"           12.5"         12.5"         11.5"          12"           13.5"                  13.5"




50 | LUND                                                                                                                                                                                                                www.lundboats.com
SPECIFICATION LEGEND
✓    Standard Feature                     DTG                  DualTrak™ Gunwale                                      ◆              No-feedback Tilt Steering                                          L    Lockable Rod Storage                                        PCT Premium Complete Top Set —
l    Optional Equipment                   FBG                  Fish Boat Gunwale                                      ✚              No-feedback Steering with                                          ST   Sun Top Set – Includes top                                      Includes stainless steel bows,
                                                                                                                                     Optional Tilt                                                           with aluminum bows                                              weather seal, bow cover, walkway
                                                                                                                      ▲
IPS IPSTM Hull                            AR                   AirRide Pedestal Seats                                                                                                                                                                                        curtain, side curtains, and aft
IPS2 IPSTM 2 Hull                         S                    Side Console                                                          No-feedback Steering                                               BT   Bimini Top                                                      slant curtain or aft drop curtain
SVB Semi V-Hull                           T                    Twin Console with                                      AL             Aerated Livewell                                                   CT   Complete Top Set – Includes sun top,
                                                               Walk-through Windshield                                PLP            ProLong Plus Livewell                                                   aluminum bows, bow cover, walkway
TLVB True Lund V-Hull                                                                                                                                                                                        curtain, side curtains, and aft slant
PTG ProTrakTM Gunwale                     H                    Hydraulic Steering                                     PL             ProLong Livewell                                                        curtain (most models)




                                                                                           1875 Crossover XS



                                                                                                                 2075 Impact Sport



                                                                                                                                           1875 Impact Sport




                                                                                                                                                                                    1775 Impact Sport




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  1675 Impact Sport
                                                                                                                                                                 1875 Impact SS




                                                                                                                                                                                                               1775 Impact SS




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        1675 Impact SS



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             2010 Pro Guide



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                1825 Pro Guide



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     1725 Pro Guide
                                               2010 Predator



                                                                         1810 Predator




                        Page Number            15                        15               16–17                  18                        19                    19                 20                         20                 21                    21                   22                  23                  23

                 Horsepower Maximum           225                       125                175                   200                       150                   150                125                        125                90                    90                125/200                90                  75

                     Centerline Length        20'2"                     18'1"            18'10"                 20'2"                     18'9"                 18'9"              17'9"                      17'9"              16'9"                 16'9"                20'2"              18'4"               17'4"

                          Beam Width          90"                        85"               95"                   96"                       94"                   94"                94"                        94"                91"                   91"                  90"                90"                 92"

                           Stern Width        89.5"                      85"               94"                   95"                      91.5"                 91.5"              91.5"                      91.5"              91.5"                 91.5"                89.5"               90"                 89"

                      Amidship Depth          36.5"                      32"              40.5"                  37"                       37"                   37"                37"                        37"                37"                   37"                 36.5"               37"                 35"

                            Bow Depth         39.5"                      34"               43"                   39"                      38.5"                 38.5"              38.5"                      38.5"              38.5"                 38.5"                39.5"               40"                35.5"

                       Transom Height         25"                        20"               25"                   25"                       25"                   25"                25"                        25"                20"                   20"                  25"                25"                 20"

    Standard Boat Weight (approx. lbs)        1600                      965               1558                  1750                      1265                  1215               1220                       1170               1090                  1040                 1440               1220                1120

                        Capacity (lbs)        2000                      1550              1800                  2000                      1550                  1550               1550                       1550               1550                  1550                 2000               1600                1525

          Fuel Tank (with gauge) (gal.)        50                        19                32                    50                        32                    32                 27                         27                 19                    19                   40                  32                  27

                  Persons (maximum)              4                          4                  8                     6                        6                     6                   6                         6                   6                    6                    6                    6                  6

                           Hull Design        IPS2                       IPS               IPS                  IPS2                       IPS                   IPS                IPS                        IPS                IPS                   IPS                 IPS2               IPS2                 IPS2

          Thickness Freeboard/Bottom      .08/.1                      .063/.08            .08/.1                .08/.1                  .063/.08               .063/.08           .063/.08                   .063/.08           .063/.08              .063/.08              .08/.1            .063/.08            .063/.08

             Twin Hull Plate Thickness         .18                      .143               .18                   .18                       .16                   .16                .16                        .16                .16                   .16                  .18                .16                 .16

                              Gunwale         DTG                       DTG                PTG                   DTG                      DTG                    DTG                DTG                        DTG                DTG                   DTG                  DTG                DTG                 DTG

                                 Seats    2 solid                      2 solid           3 solid               4 solid                   3 solid               3 solid            2 solid                    2 solid            2 solid               2 solid              3 solid            3 solid              3 solid

                           Seat Bases            4                          4                  6                     6                        6                     6                   6                         6                   6                    6                    6                    6                  4

               Console (with steering)    S(✚✓H)                        S(✚)             T(◆l H)               T(✚l H)                  T(✚l H)                S(✚l H)            T(✚l H)                    S(✚l H)            T(✚l H)               S(✚l H)                —                   —                  —

                              Livewell        PLP                        AL                 AL                   PLP                       AL                    AL                  AL                        AL                 AL                    AL                   PLP                  AL                 AL

                          Rod Storage         ✓L                         ✓L                ✓L                    ✓L                        ✓L                    ✓L                 ✓L                         ✓L                 ✓L                    ✓L                   ✓L                 ✓L                  ✓L

                        Battery Holder        ✓4                         ✓2                ✓3                    ✓3                        ✓3                    ✓3                 ✓3                         ✓3                 ✓3                    ✓3                   ✓3                 ✓3                  ✓3

                       Canvas Top Set         l BT                      l BT             l STl CT              l STl CT                 l STl CT                l BT              l STl CT                    l BT              l STl CT               l BT                 l BT               l BT                 l BT

                        Cockpit Depth         20"                      22.75"              25"                 22.75"                    22.25"                22.25"             22.25"                     22.25"             22.25"                22.25"               22.75"              22.5"                20"

          Bow Casting Platform Depth          7.5"                      7.25"              11"                 11.25"                     10.5"                 10.5"              10.5"                      10.5"              10.5"                 10.5"               12.75"              12.5"                10"




www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                LUND | 51
                                                                                     SPECIFICATIONS
                                         1825 Rebel XL Sport




                                                                                      1650 Rebel XL Sport




                                                                                                                                   1650 Rebel XL Tiller




                                                                                                                                                                                                                        2000 Alaskan Tiller




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         1800 Alaskan Tiller




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     1600 Alaskan Tiller
                                                                 1825 Rebel XL SS




                                                                                                              1650 Rebel XL SS




                                                                                                                                                                                2000 Alaskan DC




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 1800 Alaskan DC
                                                                                                                                                                                                    2000 Alaskan SS




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     1800 Alaskan SS




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 1600 Alaskan SS
                                                                                                                                                            1750 Outfitter
                     Page Number         24                      24                  26–27                    25                 26–27                      28                 29                   29                30–31                     29                   29                30–31                     29                30–31

              Horsepower Maximum         125                     125                  90                      90                   60                       60                 125                  125                125                      90                   90                  75                      75                  60

                  Centerline Length     18'3"                   18'3"                16'6"                   16'6"                16'6"                   17'7"               20'6"                20'6"              20'6"                    18'9"               18'9"               18'9"                   16'10"              16'10"

                       Beam Width        85"                     85"                  84"                     84"                  84"                     77"                90.5"                90.5"              90.5"                     83"                 83"                 83"                     81"                 81"

                        Stern Width     82.5"                   82.5"                 83"                     83"                  83"                     74"                 85"                  85"                85"                      79"                 79"                 79"                     79"                 79"

                   Amidship Depth       33.5"                   33.5"                33.5"                   33.5"                33.5"                    32"                 35"                  35"                35"                      33"                 33"                 33"                     33"                 33"

                         Bow Depth      36.5"                   36.5"                36.5"                   36.5"                36.5"                    33"                 39"                  39"                39"                      36"                 36"                 36"                     36"                 36"

                    Transom Height       20"                     20"                  20"                     20"                  20"                     20"                 25"                  25"                20"                      20"                 20"                 20"                     20"                 20"

 Standard Boat Weight (approx. lbs)      965                     895                  890                     850                  800                     805                1275                 1200               1105                     1105                1030                 975                     915                 860

                     Capacity (lbs)     1525                    1525                 1350                    1350                 1350                     1400               2100                 2100               2100                     1600                1600                1600                    1350                1350

       Fuel Tank (with gauge) (gal.)     19                      19                   19                      19                   19                       19                 27                   27                  27                      19                   19                  19                      19                  19

               Persons (maximum)             6                       6                   6                      6                      6                      5                   7                   7                    7                       7                   7                   7                        6                   6

                        Hull Design      IPS                     IPS                  IPS                     IPS                  IPS                     TLVB                IPS                  IPS                IPS                      IPS                 IPS                 IPS                     IPS                 IPS

       Thickness Freeboard/Bottom      .063/.08                .063/.08             .063/.08                .063/.08             .063/.08                 .063/.1             .08/.1               .08/.1             .08/.1                   .08/.1              .08/.1              .08/.1                  .08/.1              .08/.1

          Twin Hull Plate Thickness      .16                     .16                 .143                    .143                 .143                     .163                —                    —                  —                        —                   —                   —                       —                   —

                           Gunwale       DTG                     DTG                  DTG                     DTG                  DTG                     DTG                 DTG                 DTG                 DTG                      DTG                 DTG                 DTG                     DTG                 DTG

                              Seats    3 solid                 3 solid              3 solid                 3 solid              3 solid                  3 solid            3 solid              3 solid             3 solid                 2 solid              2 solid             2 solid                 2 solid             2 solid

                        Seat Bases           6                       6                   6                      6                      6                      4                   5                   5                    4                       5                   5                   4                        4                   3

            Console (with steering)     T(▲)                    S(▲)                 T(▲)                    S(▲)                  —                        —                T(▲l H)              S(▲l H)              —                       T(▲)                S(▲)                 —                      S(▲)                 —

                           Livewell      AL                      AL                   AL                      AL                   AL                       AL                 AL                   AL                  AL                      AL                   AL                  AL                      AL                  AL

                       Rod Storage       ✓L                      ✓L                   ✓L                      ✓L                   ✓L                       ✓                   ✓                   ✓                   ✓                        ✓                   ✓                   ✓                        ✓                  ✓

                     Battery Holder      ✓2                      ✓2                   ✓2                      ✓2                   ✓2                      ✓1                  ✓1                   ✓1                 ✓1                       ✓1                  ✓1                  ✓1                      ✓1                  ✓1

                    Canvas Top Set     l STl CT                 l BT                l STl CT                 l BT                 l BT                      —                l STl CT              l BT                l BT                   l STl CT              l BT                l BT                    l BT                l BT

                     Cockpit Depth      23.5"                   23.5"                 23"                     23"                  23"                     20"                22.5"                22.5"              22.5"                     21"                 21"                 21"                     21"                 21"

       Bow Casting Platform Depth       11.5"                   11.5"                11.5"                   11.5"                11.5"                    7.5"              14.75"               14.75"              14.75"                    —                   —                   —                       —                   —




52 | LUND                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               www.lundboats.com
SPECIFICATION LEGEND
✓    Standard Feature                     DTG          DualTrak™ Gunwale                              ◆     No-feedback Tilt Steering                                   L        Lockable Rod Storage                       PCT Premium Complete Top Set —
l    Optional Equipment                   FBG          Fish Boat Gunwale                              ✚     No-feedback Steering with                                   ST       Sun Top Set – Includes top                     Includes stainless steel bows,
                                                                                                            Optional Tilt                                                        with aluminum bows                             weather seal, bow cover, walkway
                                                                                                      ▲
IPS IPSTM Hull                            AR           AirRide Pedestal Seats                                                                                                                                                   curtain, side curtains, and aft
IPS2 IPSTM 2 Hull                         S            Side Console                                         No-feedback Steering                                        BT       Bimini Top                                     slant curtain or aft drop curtain
SVB Semi V-Hull                           T            Twin Console with                              AL    Aerated Livewell                                            CT       Complete Top Set – Includes sun top,
                                                       Walk-through Windshield                        PLP   ProLong Plus Livewell                                                aluminum bows, bow cover, walkway
TLVB True Lund V-Hull                                                                                                                                                            curtain, side curtains, and aft slant
PTG ProTrakTM Gunwale                     H            Hydraulic Steering                             PL    ProLong Livewell                                                     curtain (most models)




                                                                                                              1600 Fury Tiller




                                                                                                                                                    1400 Fury Tiller
                                                                                       1600 Fury SS




                                                                                                                                   1400 Fury SS
                                              SSV-18


                                                               SSV-16


                                                                            SSV-14




                                                                                                                                                                         WC-16


                                                                                                                                                                                         WC-14


                                                                                                                                                                                                       WC-12




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            WD-14
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                C-16
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     A-14


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   A-12
                        Page Number       32–33              32–33        32–33        34                      34                    35             35                   36              36            36            37            37          37            37

                 Horsepower Maximum           60                40          35         40                      40                    30             30                   25              25            15            15            10          25            25

                     Centerline Length     18'4"              16'2"        14'2"      16'2"                  16'2"                14'9"            14'9"                16'2"           14'6"        12'1"         14'1"         12'1"        16'2"        14'6"

                          Beam Width          76"              72"          70"       73.5"                  73.5"                69.5"            69.5"                 72"             69"          61"           61"           60"          66"          69"

                           Stern Width     70.5"              64.5"        64.5"     64.75"                 64.75"               64.75"           64.75"                 63"             63"          58"          51.5"         51.5"        51.5"         63"

                      Amidship Depth       28.5"              28.5"        28.5"      30.5"                  30.5"                30.5"            30.5"                26.25"         26.25"         23"           21"           21"          23"        26.25"

                            Bow Depth         35"              35"          35"       35.5"                  35.5"                35.5"            35.5"                29.5"          28.75"       25.625"        24.5"         24.5"         28"        28.75"

                       Transom Height         20"            15"/20"      15"/20"      20"                    20"                  20"              20"                15"/20"        15"/20"         15"           15"           15"          17"        15"/20"

    Standard Boat Weight (approx. lbs)        460           340/350      285/295       565                    520                  545              500                325/335        285/295         205           194           164          250       230/240

                        Capacity (lbs)     1500            1100/1200 915/1020         1200                   1200                 1080             1080                 1150            1000          700           785           645         1070         1000

          Fuel Tank (with gauge) (gal.)       —                —            —          —                      —                     —               —                    —               —             —            —              —           —            —

                  Persons (maximum)            7               5/6           4            5                       5                    4               4                     5            4             3            3              3           5            4

                           Hull Design        IPS              IPS          IPS        IPS                    IPS                  IPS              IPS                  SVB             SVB          SVB           SVB           SVB          SVB          SVB

          Thickness Freeboard/Bottom      .063/.1           .063/.08     .063/.063   .063/.08               .063/.08             .063/.08         .063/.08             .063/.063 .063/.063 .063/.063 .063/.063 .063/.063 .063/.08                        .063/.063

             Twin Hull Plate Thickness        —                —            —          —                      —                     —               —                    —               —             —            —              —           —            —

                              Gunwale      FBG                 FBG          FBG        FBG                    FBG                  FBG              FBG                  FBG             FBG          FBG           FBG           FBG          FBG          FBG

                                 Seats    4 bench            4 bench     4 bench     2 solid                2 solid              2 solid          2 solid              5 bench        4 bench       4 bench       3 bench       3 bench      4 bench      3 bench

                           Seat Bases         —                —            —             4                       3                    3               3                 —               —             —            —              —           —            —

               Console (with steering)    l S(▲)             l S(▲)       l S(▲)      S(▲)                    —                   S(▲)              —                    —               —             —            —              —           —            —

                              Livewell        —                —            —          AL                      AL                    AL             AL                   —               —             —            —              —           —            —

                          Rod Storage         —                —            —           ✓                       ✓                    ✓              ✓                    —               —             —            —              —           —            —

                        Battery Holder        l                 l            l            1                       1                    1               1                 —               —             —            —              —           —            —

                       Canvas Top Set         —                —            —          —                      —                     —               —                    —               —             —            —              —           —            —

                        Cockpit Depth         —                —            —          21"                    21"                  21"              21"                  —               —             —            —              —           —            —

          Bow Casting Platform Depth          —                —            —         13.5"                  13.5"                13.5"            13.5"                 —               —             —            —              —           —            —




www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      LUND | 53
BOATING’S BEST
LIFETIME WARRANTY
Lund’s Lifetime Limited Warranty on double-riveted
seams and plywood panels gives you the best overall
coverage available. From bow to stern, gunwale to
gunwale, your new Lund is backed with a transfer-
able* warranty—and Lund’s promise that we’ll make
sure any claims are handled with speed, ease and our
full support.

It’s because Lund boats are built so well that we can
afford to give you this superior warranty. We don’t
think you’ll need it; we have that much confidence in
our boats. But if you do need warranty support, you
can be sure you’ll have the very best in the industry.
                                                         HIGHER STANDARDS                                                         NOTES
• Lifetime Warranty on double-riveted seams              Every Lund boat is built to meet or exceed rigorous NMMA                 Some photos of Lund boats in this catalog show factory and/or
• Lifetime Warranty on all plywood panels, related       certification standards and Coast Guard regulations. But first,          dealer installed options. Photographs are taken under controlled
  materials and labor                                    every Lund must pass the toughest test of all—our own stan-              conditions. Colors are subject to printing limitations and are
• Three-Year 100 Percent Bow-to-Stern Parts              dards for quality and craftsmanship.                                     approximations only.
  and Labor
• Coverage with applicable exclusions—ask your           RESALE VALUE                                                             Because Lund is dedicated to constant product improvements,
  Lund dealer for details
                                                         When you buy a Lund boat, you become part of the Lund family             the specifications, options, color selections and model avail-
• Transferable*
                                                         and part of our tradition of excellence. When it comes time              abilities of our boats are subject to change without notification.
Lund’s Three-Year Material and Workmanship               to sell your Lund boat, your investment in Lund quality will
Warranty is transferable*—ask your Lund dealer           be rewarded.                                                             ProTrak™ Cover Fastening System is patented
for details.                                                                                                                         (Patent # 6,886,489)
                                                         LUND DEALERS                                                             Boat With Enhanced Access to Engine and Stern is patented
See dealer for full warranty details; standard exclu-    Because we build the best boats on the water, we can afford to              (Patent # 6,935,266)
sions apply.                                             be selective with who sells them. When you see the Lund sign             Boat With Recessed Shifter is patented
                                                         hanging in the window, you know the dealer inside meets Lund’s              (Patent # 6,971,328)
*Double-riveted seam and plywood panel warranties        strict standards for customer satisfaction. Stop by any of our           Accessory Mounting System for a boat is patent pending
are non-transferable. Second owner receives 10-year      dealers, and you’ll see why they’ve earned the right to carry the        SportTrak™ Accessory Mounting System for a boat is
pro-rated warranty.                                      Lund line.                                                                  patented (Patent # 7,341,231)

                                                         LUND PROFESSIONALS                                                       SPECIAL THANKS
                                                         Without the dedicated efforts of the people at Lund who build our        Absolute Outdoors, Inc., Auger’s Pine View Resort, Lighthouse,
                                                         boats and the professional anglers who help design them, the             Lindner Media Productions, Mercury Marine, MotorGuide, Mr.
                                                         Lund tradition of excellence would not be possible. Thank you.           Walleye Specialties, Coleman, Plano Molding Company, Frabill.



Lund Boat Company          Lund Boats Canada, Inc.
318 West Gilman St.        98 PTH 52 West
P.O. Box 248               Steinbach, MB
New York Mills, MN         R5G 1Y1
56567
218-385-2235

Visit us at www.lundboats.com                                Please follow the rules of safe boating, take a boating safety course, be courteous to others and respect the marine environment.
For clothing, visit www.lundboats.com/gear                                              Lund, a Brunswick Company. ©2012 Lund Boat Company. Printed in the USA.
2013
fiberglass catalog
HAVE FIBERGLASS,
WILL FISH
Everyone approaches his or her fishing game a little bit differently. You may prefer vertical jigging for
crappie, while your buddy might choose to use planer boards for snagging walleye. Each way has its
own perks, but neither approach is inferior. The same applies to your choice in a Lund boat. Lund’s
extensive line of fiberglass GL models delivers the same unmatched quality as our aluminum boats,
only in a slightly different package.


Lund’s fiberglass boats provide a high, dry ride, while their sharp edges and deep keel deliver
incredible performance and handling so you can stealthily stalk your prey in even the tightest corners
of the water. Each GL model features an array of fishing features, premium comfort, and an open layout
for excellent maneuverability and casting space. Not to be overlooked, the glistening exterior of a Lund
fiberglass model makes a striking statement out on the water.


Lund’s trademark quality is at the core of the fiberglass GL series, and the minute you step onboard,
you’ll know you’re in the right place. Let your fishing game reach a new level with a Lund fiberglass GL.
contents




       58 :: Pro-V GL
       61 :: Tyee GL
       62 :: Fiberglass Standard &
             Optional Equipment
       64 :: Fiberglass Colors & Warranty
              PRO-V GL
                    208




                                                                                                                                                      Color Package 5 shown. Boats may show factory and/or
                                                                                                                                                       dealer installed options. Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                                                                                                                      Color Package 5 shown.

TOURNAMENT TOUGH.
The Pro-V GL features the same design points and expertise that go
into Lund’s aluminum boats, but with a fiberglass hull! Boasting
Lund’s IPS™ 2 hull, the Pro-V GL has a wide beam and reverse chine
to withstand rough waves when you need it most. Integrated power
strakes get you quickly and efficiently up on plane, and bow and aft
trolling motors help you stay on the fish. Spacious rod
storage holds your entire arsenal.




Console storage allows you   Abundant bow storage holds all               Custom GL console and dash put              Bow cargo net storage keeps gear                 Add comfort underfoot with
to bring more                the essentials                               everything you need within arm’s reach      tucked away yet close at hand                    optional snap-in carpet

LAYOU T                               SPECIFICATIONS

  Storage                                                              IPS™ 2        Approximate      Maximum      Transom      Fuel       Livewell          Rod Storage              Seat            Seat
  Livewell                                        Length      Beam   Chine Width       Weight            HP         Height      Tank       Systems             Length               Pedestals        Bases
  Baitwell                                        20'8"       96"       87"           2200 lbs          300          25"       60 gal   Bow 31"/13 gal        6'6"– 8'0"            4 Air Ride          6
  Seats                                                                                                                                 Aft 51"/26 gal
  Seat Bases
  Fuel Tank

58 | LUND                                                                                                                                                                  www.lundboats.com
                                                                                                                                                                                   PRO-V GL
                                                                                                                                                                                         197




Color Package 6 shown. Boats may show factory and/or
dealer installed options. Please see dealer for details.




Color Package 5 shown.

                                                                                                                                                                SLEEK AND STABLE.
                                                                                                                 The Pro-V GL features a ProControl console for total ease at the helm,
                                                                                                                 plus a Sony radio/CD player to set your fishing outings to music.
                                                                                                                 Expansive bow storage compartments, including bow cargo nets, hold
                                                                                                                 all your gear, and one compartment doubles as a cooler. Store up to 11
                                                                                                                 rods and five batteries in the center rod locker, and add the optional
                                                                                                                             SportTrak™ system to attach rod holders right where you
                                                                                                                             need them.




          Optional battery charger                          Front-of-console storage                   Lockable center rod storage                Portside console provides your    Deep side storage compartments
        lets you recharge onboard                          accommodates more gear                         keeps up to 11 rods (8')                 co-captain with convenience      let you bring everything you need

                                                                                                                                                  SPECIFICATIO N S                                         L AY O U T

                           IPS™ 2          Approximate      Maximum       Transom       Fuel       Livewell       Rod Storage          Seat          Seat                                                 Storage
  Length     Beam        Chine Width         Weight            HP          Height       Tank       Systems          Length           Pedestals      Bases                                                 Livewell
   19'7"      96"           87"              2100 lbs          225          25"        60 gal   Bow 31"/13 gal     6'6"–8'0"         4 Air Ride       6                                                   Baitwell
                                                                                                Aft 51"/26 gal                                                                                               Seats
                                                                                                                                                                                                       Seat Bases
                                                                                                                                                                                                         Fuel Tank

www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                                                      LUND | 59
              PRO-V GL
                     186




                                                                                                                                                  Color Package 2 shown. Boats may show factory and/or
                                                                                                                                                   dealer installed options. Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                                                                                                                  Color Package 2 shown.

PRETTY IMPRESSIVE.
While riding aboard the Pro-V GL, you’ll look as good as you fish. A
high bow and raised sides make running long distances a breeze, and
ProRide seats make sure those extended rides are absolutely com-
fortable. Find under-floor rod storage for 11 rods, and a 40-gallon fuel
tank to get you there and back. Optional snap-in carpet adds com-
fort, and two spacious livewells keep your catch lively.




Incredibly roomy rod locker   Optional snap-in carpet adds               Secure your gear with easy-access       ProControl GL auto-style console puts all         Plenty of bow storage holds all
holds rods from 6'6" to 8'    comfort underfoot                          side storage                            important functions at your fingertips            the essentials

LAYOU T                                SPECIFICATIONS

  Storage                                                             IPS™ 2        Approximate     Maximum   Transom      Fuel        Livewell          Rod Storage              Seat            Seat
  Livewell                                         Length    Beam   Chine Width       Weight           HP      Height      Tank        Systems             Length               Pedestals        Bases
  Baitwell                                         18'6"     98"      82.75"         1800 lbs          175      25"       40 gal   Bow 24.5"/12 gal       6'6"– 8'0"             3 solid            7
  Seats                                                                                                                             Aft 46"/22 gal
  Seat Bases
  Fuel Tank

60 | LUND                                                                                                                                                              www.lundboats.com
                                                                                                                                                                                     TYEE GL
                                                                                                                                                                                       186




Color Package 3 shown. Boats may show factory and/or
dealer installed options. Please see dealer for details.




Color Package 4 shown.

                                                                                                                                                                       FAMILY AND FISH.
                                                                                                                      Without skimping on the things you need most, the Tyee GL is
                                                                                                                      designed in a slightly smaller package, making it ideal for first-time
                                                                                                                      boat buyers. Get to where the fish are—fast!—and then kick back for
                                                                                                                      fun with the whole family. A bow conversion system lets you trans-
                                                                                                                      form the bow casting deck into additonal seating, and an optional
                                                                                                                                 swim ladder, ski pylon and flip-up seating ensure you’re
                                                                                                                                 ready for any kind of watersports.




       Optional bow bolsters and                     Switch up to watersports with the               The cooler storage compartment             Aft ladder conveniently tucks away     Optional sun top adds sun
       cushions enhance comfort                                  optional ski tow pylon                    converts to added storage                                                                   protection

                                                                                                                                                     SPECIFICATIO N S                                  L AY O U T

                           IPS™ 2          Approximate        Maximum        Transom       Fuel        Livewell       Rod Storage        Seat          Seat                                            Storage
  Length     Beam        Chine Width         Weight              HP           Height       Tank        Systems          Length         Pedestals      Bases                                           Livewell
   18'6"      98"          82.75"            1800 lbs            175           25"        40 gal   Bow 21"/8.5 gal     6'6"–8'0"       3 Pro Ride       8                                             Baitwell
                                                                                                   Aft 30.5"/16 gal                                                                                      Seats
                                                                                                                                                                                                    Seat Bases
                                                                                                                                                                                                     Fuel Tank

www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                                                   LUND | 61
                                                                 FIBERGLASS
                                                                 STANDARD &
                                                                 OPTIONAL EQUIPMENT


                                                              208 Pro-V GL


                                                                              197 Pro-V GL


                                                                                              186 Pro-V GL




                                                                                                                                                                                208 Pro-V GL


                                                                                                                                                                                               197 Pro-V GL


                                                                                                                                                                                                              186 Pro-V GL
                                                                                                              186 Tyee GL




                                                                                                                                                                                                                             186 Tyee GL
                                         Specifications                                                                            Molded Interior Surfaces and Side Panels      ✓              ✓             ✓               ✓
                     Standard Boat Weight (approx. lbs)      2200            2100            1800            1800                                             Drink Holders      ✓              ✓             ✓               ✓
                                          Capacity (lbs)     2100            2000            1900            1900                                          Fire Extinguisher     ✓              ✓             ✓               ✓
                                    Persons (maximum)           7                6              6               8                                                       Horn     ✓              ✓             ✓               ✓
                                       Fishing Features                                                                                                    Boarding Ladder      —              —              —               ✓
                                               SportTrak       ✓               ✓              ✓                ✓                                  Retractable Res Q Ladder       l               l            —              —
                        SportTrak™ Accessory Brackets         ✓2              ✓2              ✓2              ✓2                                                   Ski Pylon    —              —              —               l

       Additional SportTrak™ Brackets and Accessories*         l                l              l               l                                        Cleats, Flush Mount       4               4             4              4
               Insulated Livewell Capacity Aft/Bow (gal)     26/13           26/13           22/12           16/8.5                         Bow Rails or Bow Grab Handles       —              —              —               ✓
                 Inside Livewell Length Aft/Bow (inches)     51/31           51/31           46/24           30/21                                 Passenger Grab Handles        ✓              ✓             ✓               ✓
                      Livewell and Recirculation Timers        ✓               ✓              ✓                ✓                                  Bow Panel w/ Trim Switch       ✓              ✓             ✓               ✓
               Cartridge-Style Aerator and Bilge Pumps         ✓               ✓              ✓                ✓                    Padded Bow Bolsters and Bow Cushions        —              —              —               l

                       Aft Livewell Recirculation System       ✓               ✓              ✓                ✓                 Port Console w/ Glovebox and Grab Handle        l               l             l              ✓
                      Bow Livewell Recirculation System        ✓               ✓              —               —             Removable Plexiglas Windshields (Single or Dual)     l               l             l             —
                                          Bilge Pump(s)      1A/1M           1A/1M           1A/M            1A/M                    Wraparound Walk-Through Windshield          l               l             l              ✓
                       12/24/36 Bow Trolling Motor Plug        ✓               ✓              ✓                ✓                                      Sun & Complete Tops        l               l             l              l

                        12/24/36 Aft Trolling Motor Plug       ✓               ✓               l               l                   (Available on All Full Windshield Models)
        Transom Designed for Backtrolling Performance          ✓               ✓              ✓                ✓                                                   Top Hider     l               l            —              —
            Reinforced Decks for Downrigger Installation       ✓               ✓              —               —                                              Mooring Cover       l               l             l              l

                           On-the-Go Freshwater Pickup         ✓               ✓              —               —                                      Electronics Packages*       l               l             l              l

                Mounting Surface for Bow Trolling Motor        ✓               ✓              ✓                ✓                                         Stainless Propeller     ✓              ✓             ✓               ✓
                      Trolling Motor Foot Control Recess       ✓               ✓              ✓               —                              Mercury SmartCraft™ Gauges          l               l             l              l

                                     Washdown System           l                l             —               —                             Mercury Verado® Power Steering       l               l             l              l

                       Convenience, Style and Comfort                                                                                                            Keel Guard      l               l             l              l

                                          ProRide Seats         4                4              3               3                Insulated Cooler / Storage w/ Gelcoat Liner     ✓              ✓             ✓               ✓
                                               Bike Seat       l                l              l               l                                           Lockable Storage      ✓              ✓             ✓               ✓
                                        Captain’s Chair        l                l             —               —                          Above-Deck Storage w/ Cargo Nets        ✓              ✓             ✓               ✓
                                      AirRide Pedestals        ✓               ✓               l               l                                                  Electrical
                                          Driver’s Slider      ✓               ✓              ✓                ✓                                   Lighted Instrumentation       ✓              ✓             ✓               ✓
                 ProControl Custom Auto-Style Consoles         ✓               ✓              ✓                ✓                                          12V Power Points        3               3             3              3
                        No-Feedback Tilt Cable Steering       —               —               ✓                ✓                                        Navigational Lights      ✓              ✓             ✓               ✓
                                  Tilt Hydraulic Steering      ✓               ✓               l               l                                              Interior Lights     4               4             3              3
                                 Padded Steering Wheel         ✓               ✓              ✓                ✓                                             Livewell Lights      2               2             2              2
                       Recessed Ringdeck and Controls          ✓               ✓              —               —                           Sony AM/FM/CD Stereo w/ Remote         ✓              ✓             ✓               ✓
                              Integrated Kicker Controls       l                l              l               l                                  Onboard Battery Chargers       l               l             l              l

                                   Tiller Kicker Fuel Line     l                l              l               l                                              Construction
                    Molded-In Under-Console Foot Rests         ✓               ✓              ✓                ✓                  Integrated Power Strake 2 Fiberglass Hull      ✓              ✓             ✓               ✓
                         Non-Skid Fiberglass Main Floor        ✓               ✓              ✓                ✓                  Trusted Lund Fiberglass Limited Warranty       ✓              ✓             ✓               ✓
                                         Snap-In Carpet        l                l              l               l                                 Level Flotation Compliance      ✓              ✓             ✓               ✓



62 | LUND                                                                                                                                                                                      www.lundboats.com
✓    Standard Feature
l    Optional Equipment                             208 Pro-V GL


                                                                   197 Pro-V GL


                                                                                   186 Pro-V GL


                                                                                                  186 Tyee GL
A    Automatic
M    Manual
S    Single
D    Dual

                                NMMA Certified       ✓              ✓              ✓               ✓
                    All Composite Construction       ✓              ✓              ✓               ✓
                    Fiberglass Stringer System       ✓              ✓              ✓               ✓
                   Heavy-Duty Notched Transom        ✓              ✓              ✓              —
               Designed for Kicker Installations
                       Self-Draining Splashpan       ✓              ✓              ✓               ✓
                                                                                                                Optional Full Canvas *Full canvas enclosure should   Optional Bimini Sun Top
                   Easy-Access Service Portals       ✓              ✓              ✓               ✓            be used only when boat is anchored or at rest.
         Marine-Grade Carpeting w/ Edge Trim         ✓              ✓              ✓               ✓
                                Battery Holders       4               4              3              3
        Wide Hull Footprint for Greater Stability    ✓              ✓              ✓               ✓
                         Bow and Transom Eyes        ✓              ✓              ✓               ✓
                                       Features
                                 Console Layout     S/D            S/D            S/D               D
       Sculpted Console Fronts for Bow Seating      —              —              —                ✓
                          Bow Casting Platform       ✓              ✓              ✓               ✓
  Bow Casting Platform Conversion (Bow Rider)       —              —              —                ✓
                           Aft Casting Platform      ✓              ✓              ✓               ✓
 Aft Casting Platform Conversion w/ Rear Seats      —              —              —                ✓
                                                                                                                Optional Ski Pylon                                   Port Console
                               Trailer Features
                                     GVWR (lbs)     7000           7000           5040            5040
              Package Width (Including Trailer)     102"           102"           102"            102"
                   Hydraulic Surge Disc Brakes       ✓              ✓              ✓               ✓
                 Swivel Jack Stand (Wheel Size)      8"             8"             8"              8"
                            Swing-Away Tongue        ✓              ✓              ✓               ✓
 Single Torsion Axle w/ Vault Hybrid Lubrication    —              —               ✓               ✓
Tandem Torsion Axle w/ Vault Hybrid Lubrication      ✓              ✓             —               —
      15" Aluminum Wheels w/ Matching Spare         —              —               ✓               ✓
      14" Aluminum Wheels w/ Matching Spare          ✓              ✓             —               —
                      Spare Tire and Tire Mount      ✓              ✓              ✓               ✓
          Custom Matching Fiberglass Fenders         l               l              l              l
                                                                                                                Lockable Bow Storage                                 Optional Snap-In Carpet
                        Stainless Steel Fenders      l               l              l              l

                                  Metal Fenders      ✓              ✓              ✓               ✓
                     Gatorhyde Coating (Black)       ✓              ✓              ✓               ✓
                                   Trailer Lights   LED            LED            LED             LED
                                 Transom Saver       l               l              l              l

        Retractable Ratchet Transom Tie Downs        ✓              ✓              ✓               ✓
                                    Load Guides      ✓              ✓              ✓               ✓
                         4" Tubular Steel Frame      ✓              ✓              ✓               ✓
                                                                                    * See Dealer for Details    Optional Trailer


www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                                              LUND | 63
BOATING’S BEST
LIFETIME WARRANTY
Lund’s Lifetime Limited Structural Hull Warranty gives
you the best overall coverage available. From bow to
stern, gunwale to gunwale, your new Lund is backed
with a transferable* warranty—and Lund’s promise
that we’ll make sure any claims are handled with
speed, ease and our full support.

It’s because Lund boats are built so well that we can
afford to give you this superior warranty. We don’t
                                                                                                                                                                           Color Package 2 shown.
think you’ll need it; we have that much confidence in
our boats. But if you do need warranty support, you
can be sure you’ll have the very best in the industry.

• Lifetime Warranty against structural hull defects      FIBERGLASS COLOR PACKAGES
• Three-Year 100 Percent guarantee against
  defects in material and workmanship
• Coverage with applicable exclusions—ask your
  Lund dealer for details
• Transferable*

Lund’s Three-Year Material and Workmanship
Warranty is transferable*—ask your Lund dealer
for details.

See dealer for full warranty details; standard exclu-    PACKAGE 1 Red polyflake/White gelcoat                              PACKAGE 2 Black polyflake/White gelcoat
sions apply.

* Structural Hull Warranty is non-transferable.
Second owner receives 10-year pro-rated warranty.




                                                         PACKAGE 3 Silver polyflake/Red polyflake                           PACKAGE 4 Gunmetal polyflake/Silver polyflake




Lund Boat Company          Lund Boats Canada, Inc.
318 West Gilman St.        98 PTH 52 West
P.O. Box 248               Steinbach, MB
New York Mills, MN         R5G 1Y1
56567
218-385-2235                                             PACKAGE 5 Black polyflake/Silver polyflake                         PACKAGE 6 Red polyflake/Silver polyflake

Visit us at www.lundboats.com                                            Please follow the rules of safe boating, be courteous to others, and respect the marine environment.
For clothing, visit www.lundboats.com/gear                                           Lund, a Brunswick Company. ©2012 Lund Boat Company. Printed in the USA.
“That’s the difference between a Lund glass and a competitor glass;
   if I want to fish for bass, panfish, salmon, muskie, backtroll, drift,
 I can do all that because of the sharp edges, deep keel and what’s
                                            incorporated into that hull.”
                            -Marty Glorvigen, Lund Pro Staff member
Sperry Top-Sider revolutionizes the boating experience with ASV Technology,™
the ﬁrst performance footwear innovation speciﬁcally designed to dampen the
effects of shock and vibration.
               + Anti-Shock and Vibration™ Technology: Dampens
                 vibration and reduces shock forces by up to 40%
               + Lateral Dispersion System:™ Deﬂects pounding forces
                 for a less punishing ride
Watch ASV      + Hydro-Grip™ Rubber: Provides maximum outsole
in action
                 traction and on-deck grip
bit.ly/ASV12                                                                   sperrytopsider.com/asv
