lu.sp15.cover_Layout 1 2/16/15 10:24 AM Page 1




                                                                                ®




                                                 2015 lineup




                                Aluminum,        fiberglass and   Jon   Boats
lu.sp15.prez_Layout 1 2/19/15 12:33 PM Page II




         Psi
           PRESIDENT’S NOTE
            Photo by Bill Lindner




                                                                                                                                                               ®


                                                    Enduring Strength                                                    President, Lund Boats
                                                    For nearly 70 years, Lund has been building innovative               Dirk Hyde

                                                    fishing boats that are durable, reliable and safe. It’s a part of    Marketing Director
                                                                                                                         Jason Oakes
                                                    our heritage that sets us apart. There is a passion within our
                                                                                                                         Marketing Manager
                                                    team to build the ultimate fishing platform to exceed the            Tony Kolker
                                                    demands of our customers. The Lund team doesn’t just build
                                                    a boat; we build our passion. We’re proud to build boats that
                                                    not only fulfill the dreams of our anglers, but also stand the       LUND
                                                                                                                         M aga z i n e
                                                    test of time through superior durability and safety.
                                                                                                                         President/Publisher
                                                                                                                         Douglas Leik
                                                    At Lund, growing stronger over time is what creating a boat
                                                                                                                         Account Executive
                                                    company with heritage and character is all about. Top sports-        Annie Brown
                                                    men and women know this and consistently choose Lund for its
                                                    ability to produce a superior product that matches their needs.      Editorial Director
                                                    New challenges build character and strength, and that’s why we       Randy Hess

                                                    drive ourselves to continue to lead with innovative boat models.     Managing Editor
                                                                                                                         Amy Wideman
                                                                                                                         Senior Editor
                                                    This spring, we have our all-new 1750 Rebel XS. This multi-          Alexa Poteet
                                                    purpose boat is 17-feet-6-inches long and sets up perfectly for      Associate Editor
                                                    the serious angler with center rod storage, a livewell, a spacious   Elaine Short
                                                    cockpit and massive bow storage. It’s also family friendly for       Editor At Large
                                                    watersports with the optional ski-pylon, rear jump seat, and         Jennifer Chesak
                                                    Infinity® Bluetooth® radio. Learn more about this boat on page
                          At Lund, growing          32 of the catalog.                                                   Creative Director
                                                                                                                         Russell Duncan

                                                    In this issue of the magazine, anglers Travis Thiel and Ricky        Digital Creative Director
                     stronger over time is                                                                               Kraig Devenport
                                                    Chones share their incredible stories of passion for the out-
                                                                                                                         Production Director
                            what creating a         doors. These two young men have proven that nothing will             Robyn Bendle
                                                    interfere with their desire to fish, and they look to motivate
                                                                                                                         Art Director
                       boat company with            others while pursuing the catch of a lifetime. Read their            Cameron Anhalt
                                                    amazing stories starting on page 8.                                  Graphic Designer

                heritage and character                                                                                   Brittany Huisenga
                                                    Some days you seem to catch every fish in the lake and other         Graphic Designer
                                                                                                                         Arlene Waclawek
                                    is all about.   days it seems there are no fish to catch. Lund Pro Craig
                                                    Stapon shares his favorite techniques for catching monster           Photographers
                                                                                                                         Steven Conway, Bill Lindner,
                                                    muskies on page 6. Plus, for Lund Pro Alex Keszler, fishing is       Scott Pederson
                                                    a family affair. He gives insight into the Great White North
                                                    and his family’s passion for angling on page 20.

                                                    Making a television program requires not only the coordination
                                                    of producers, videographers and countless other individuals,
                                                                                                                         Lund magazine is published
                                                    but also biting fish. It may seem like a huge challenge, but         two times a year for Lund Boats,
                                                    Lund jumped at the opportunity to create something extraor-          by Dino Publishing LLC. Any
                                                                                                                         correspondence should be directed to:
                                                    dinary with our Ultimate Fishing Experience TV show. The             Dino Publishing,
                                                    show not only has incredible multi-species fish-catching action      350 W. Hubbard St, Suite 400
                                                    for sturgeon, muskies, walleyes, crappies and bass, but also         Chicago, IL 60654
                                                                                                                         Tel: 312-822-9266
                                                    has educational content on electronics, trolling motors and          Fax: 312-822-9268
                                                    engines. We take you behind the scenes of our second season          email: dleik@dinopublishing.com
                                                    on page 14.
                                                                                                                         The opinions expressed in this magazine are
                                                    The countless stories shared by our customers fuel our               not to be considered ofﬁcial expressions of
                                                                                                                         Dino Publishing or Lund Boats. The publisher
                                                    passion. It’s these stories that have built our heritage and         reserves the right to accept or reject all
                                                                                                                         editorial or advertising matter. The publisher
                                                    drive us toward innovating for the future.                           assumes no responsibility for unsolicited
                                                                                                                         manuscripts, photographs, or artwork. Re-
                                                                                                                         production in whole or in part of any text,
                                                    Dirk Hyde                                                            photograph, or illustration without prior writ-
                                                                                                                         ten permission from the publisher is strictly
                                                    President, Lund Boats                                                prohibited. Printed in U.S.A.

                                                                                                                         Copyright © 2015 Lund Boats.
                                                                                                                                                CONTENTS
                                                                                                                                                table of contents
                                                                                                                                                spring 2015 | volume 6 issue 2




                                                                                                                                                 features

                                                                                                                                                 08 Limitless
                                                                                                                                                     Anglers Travis Thiel and
                                                                                                                                                     Ricky Chones prove that
                                                                                                                                                     nothing, including a
                                                                                                                                                     wheelchair, needs to get
                                                                                                                                                     between you and the fish.

                                                                                                                                                 14 Making the
                                                                                                                                                    Ultimate Fishing
                                                                                                                                                    Experience
                                                                                                                                                     Get an exclusive behind-
                                                                                                                                                     the-scenes look at Lund’s
                                                                                                                                                     hit new TV show, the
                                                                                                                                                                                    14
                                                                                                                                                     Ultimate Fishing Experience.

                                                                                                                                                 20 Family Tradition
                                                                                                                                                     For Lund Pro Alex Keszler, fishing is all
                                                                                                                                                     in the family. Join his Canadian brood on
                                                                                                                                                     the Winnipeg River for some walleye.




                                                                                                                       20
                departments
                02 First Cast
                     Lund’s brand-new 1750 Rebel XS
                     is a hardcore fish-and-ski to suit any
                     day on the water.

                06 Legendary Lund
                     Lund Pro Craig Stapon shares his
                     favorite techniques to help you hook
                     a monster musky.


                                                            lu.sp15.cover_Layout 1 2/16/15 10:24 AM Page 1




                                                                                                                                            ®




                                                                                                             2015 lineup




                                 On the cover:
                                    Travis Thiel and his
                                         dad Chuck fish
                                   Green Bay, Wisconsin.




                                                                                                                                                08
                               Photo by Steven J. Conway.
                                                                                            Aluminum,        fiberglass and   Jon   Boats




lu.fa14.TOC.indd 1                                                                                                                                                                               2/19/15 5:48 PM
lu.sp15.first_cast_Layout 1 2/19/15 4:34 PM Page 2




          FIRST
           Gear, news and ideas to deliver the
           ultimate fishing experience.




                 Raging Rebel
                 With boating season around the corner, it’s time to hit the water with the newest boat in the Lund lineup: the 1750 Rebel XS. This
                 fishing boat has center rod storage for five 7' rods, side storage for longer 8'6" rods and a 14-gallon livewell to keep your catch
                 lively and fresh. The boat also doubles as a great sport and family boat with an optional rear flip-up seat and an optional ski pylon.
                 Stowing your gear between trips is easy thanks to massive bow storage. Wherever this boat takes you, an optional Infinity® Bluetooth®
                 stereo adds to a memorable day on the water. Turn to page 32 of the catalog to learn more about the 1750 Rebel XS.




      2 | LUND                                                                                                                        www.lundboats.com
lu.sp15.first_cast_Layout 1 2/19/15 4:35 PM Page 3




                   Safeguarding
                   HAPPINESS
                   Lund owners take extra care to protect their
                   investment in the fishing lifestyle, and the right
                   insurance coverage is essential. Losing your
                   equipment can ruin a day on the water and
                   distract you from fishing. Don’t let unforeseen
                   events get between you and the best boating
                   season of your life. Boater’s Choice offers com-
                   prehensive coverage for your boat through
                   several top companies, so fishing on your Lund
                   can always be a worry-free experience.
                      Boater’s Choice protects your assets on the
                   water, big or small, with options that pay the
                   agreed value on total loss with no depreciation
                   and lower deductibles for on-board electronics.
                   Boater’s Choice knows what your Lund means
                   to you because it’s been insuring them for
                   nearly 25 years. Get reliability when you need
                   it most; get Boater’s Choice Insurance. Visit
                   www.boaterschoice.com to learn more.




                Spring Forward with ValvTect
                As ice on the water begins to thaw, spring boating comes to mind. But being ready to hit the water also means having the right
                gasoline. Although ethanol-blended gasoline is commonly used in automotive applications, it can be the root of many serious,
                expensive problems for your Lund if you don’t use the proper ethanol-gasoline treatment.
                  That is why ValvTect has developed two all-inclusive gasoline solutions that account for fuel stability and phase separation,
                while also effectively preventing corrosion of internal engine components for perfect boating this spring.
                   ValvTect Marine Gasoline contains a special corrosion inhibitor to prevent deterioration from ethanol and non-ethanol
                gasoline. Since E10 (10% ethanol and 90% gasoline) can hold up to 25 times more water than pure gasoline, it can cause
                rusting of fuel-system components. When tested in E10, using the petroleum industry’s required test for corrosion, ValvTect
                Ethanol Gasoline Treatment received a perfect “A” rating for completely preventing oxidization and corrosion.
                  Trust ValvTect Ethanol Gasoline Treatment and ValvTect Marine Gasoline to protect your Lund’s engine for this upcoming
                boating season and beyond. Visit www.valvtect.com for more information about fuel additives to get you going this spring.




        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                         LUND | 3
lu.sp15.first_cast_Layout 1 2/19/15 4:35 PM Page 4




                                                              HALL of FAMERS
                                                              A new year can bring great news, and none was better than the induction
                                                              of Lund Pros Mike Gofron and Mark Martin into the Freshwater Fishing
                                                              Hall of Fame. In the angling industry, this honor is the accomplishment
                                                              of a lifetime, particularly for two sportsmen who make ﬁshing both their
                                                              profession and their passion. Mike and Mark are record setters on the
                                                              walleye-tournament circuit, and they continue to help Lund build better
                                                              boats through their many hours logged both on the water and oﬀ.

        Mike Gofron                                           Mike says of the accolade, “I’m honored to even be considered, let alone
                                                              inducted. The dependability of a Lund boat to get me back into tight
                                                              quarters, as well as make the 100-plus runs on big water, has been crucial
                                                              throughout my entire career. I’ve never had to worry about not making
                                                              it back to the ramp. Never.” Mark echoes Mike’s sentiments, “Being
                                                              inducted is the biggest compliment I could have ever received. It’s kudos
                                                              to the hard behind-the-scenes work it takes to be full-time in the ﬁshing
                                                              industry, and I’m grateful Lund has been there since the beginning.”

                                                              Lund would like to formally congratulate these two anglers on this
                                                              stellar achievement.

                                                              Brush up on angling techniques
                                                              in Legendary Lund on page 6.




        Mark Martin




          GEAR UP
            From coats and sweatshirts to keep the chill away to hats, hoodies and
            other specialty gear, now you can show your Lund pride wherever you go.
            Plus, jerseys in multiple styles keep you in the same league as Lund Pros.
                           All items are tested for durability and comfort to ensure you
                               can work and play as hard as your Lund. Check out all the
                                available Lund gear online at www.lundboats.com by
                                 clicking Gear.




      4 | LUND                                                                                                            www.lundboats.com
                                        LU ND                                                 TRIM: . . . . . . . . . . 9 ˝ X 1 0 .5 ˝

                                                                                              B LE E D: . . . . . . 9 .2 5 ˝ X 1 0 .7 5 ˝

                                                                                              SA FE TY: . . . . . . . . 8 ˝ X 9 .8 7 5 ˝



                            SA FE T Y




                                                                                                                                                                                      SA FE T Y
         B LE E D




                                                                                                                                                                                                          B LE E D
                    T RIM




                                                                                                                                                                                                  T RIM
 BLEED                                                                                                                                                                                                                BLEED
  TRIM                                                                                                                                                                                                                TRIM



SAFETY                                                                                                                                                                                                                SAFETY




                                                EVERY BOAT NEEDS A PROTECTOR.


                                                     1.800.PROGRESSIVE / PROGRESSIVE.COM
                                                                                                                                            Progressive Casualty Ins. Co. & affiliates.
SAFETY                                                                                                                                                                                                               SAFETY



 TRIM                                                                                                                                                                                                                TRIM
BLEED                                                                                                                                                                                                                BLEED
         BLEED
                    TRIM




                            SAFETY




                                                                                                                                                                                     SAFETY




                                                                                                                                                                                                  TRIM
                                                                                                                                                                                                          BLEED




                                                 Client: Progressive
                                                 Job No: 14D00471 09/14
                                                 Created by: Dalon Wolford
                                                 Applications: InDesign CS6, Adobe Photoshop CS6, Adobe Illustrator CS6
                                                 Fonts(s): Benton ; Humanist
                                                 Job Description: Full Page, 4 Color Ad
                                                 Document Name: Wave ad / Lund
                                                 Final Trim Size: 9 ˝ X 10.5˝
                                                 Final Bleed: 9.25˝ X 10.75˝
                                                 Safety: 8 ˝ X 9.875˝
                                                 Date Created: 01/26/15
lu.sp15.legendary_lund_Layout 1 2/19/15 3:16 PM Page 6




         GDY LU
           LEGENDARY LUND
           Story by Randy Hess | Photos by Bill Lindner and provided by Craig Stapon




                 The Monster Mash
                 Lund Pro Craig Stapon aims to put you on the largest freshwater
                 predator in North America.


                                                                                                               of them you’ll get a reaction bite and bingo, it’s fish
                                                                                                               on. I like to fish corners, too, little shoots or saddles.
                                                                                                               Spend some time there, and you’re going to catch
                                                                                                               some big ones.”
                                                                                                                   Craig also lauds the quality and pure fish-attract-
                                                                                                               ing power of the current generation of tackle. He
                                                                                                               spreads his love around the tackle box but leans
                                                                                                               heavily on three baits: a Phantom softtail glide bait
                                                                                                               (“This will make those neutral fish absolutely have
                                                                                                               lunch.”); the Musky Mania Double Cowgirl (“The
                                                                                                               blades create a double vortex, a huge profile in the
                                                                                                               water. This technique offers you a great shot at a
                                                                                                               50-incher on Lake of the Woods.”); and a Suik with
                                                                                                               easily adjusted blades to control depth on the jerks
                                                                                                               (“Usually you’ll catch them on the pause, so be ready
                                                                                                               to set the hook hard.”)
                                                                                                                   Of course after timing, location and bait, you still
                                                                                                               need to get the retrieve right. “Speed is critical,” Craig
                                                                                                               says, keeping his rod in near constant motion. “Let
             FISHING FOR MUSKIES IS LIKE ANY OTHER WORTHWHILE ENDEAVOR, FROM                                   the fish tell you what to do, and don’t be afraid to
             MARRIAGE TO PLAYING GUITAR TO FLYING A PLANE: YOU HAVE TO WORK AT IT.                             change it up. Sometimes I’ll let it sit, then rip it a cou-
             The more you know the better you’ll be, so take advice from the people who’ve excelled at         ple times, let it sit and rip it a couple times, just
             it before to up your game.                                                                        trying to trigger that strike. Muskies have glands on
                 One of the best musky hunters out there is Craig Stapon of Manitoba, who boats a couple       their sides, and they pick up the vibration of the
             hundred muskies most years, with a bakers dozen each year over 50 inches. He’s bullish            lures. They home in, they zero in and bang! You’ve got
             on big muskies and thinks you ought to be, too. Just make sure you get several things             a strike. And when you’ve reeled back to the boat,
             right: your timing, your location, your equipment and your technique.                             keep your eye on the bait and move it around in a big
                 “Some people say that muskies are the fish of 10,000 casts,” Craig says as he retrieves       circle because you never know, you could have a
             a large softtail with steady jerks aboard his Lund 2075 Pro-V. “But there’s a window of           trailer coming in and catch a big musky or pike right
             opportunity every single day. Early in the day, before the sun rises, is a great time. The next   at the boat.”
             best is 20 minutes before to 20 minutes after sunset. So concentrate on those windows.”               Lund has a full roster of Pro-Staff anglers like
                 Of course weather plays a big role, too. “Pressure changes and storms are absolutely          Craig who have proven their expertise on the tourna-
             critical as well,” Craig explains. “You can have a period of 10, 15 or 20 minutes before a        ment trail and guiding, a deep well of knowledge that
             front hits when you can catch all kinds of fish. When that barometer starts swinging, the         you can tap to help you bring more fish aboard. You
             feedbag could be on. If the pressure change is happening, go to your big fish spot.”              can find a wealth of Pro tips at lundboats.com under
                 Craig insists you need to fish an area thoroughly: “Don’t just come in and take five, six     the Experience tab. And if Craig’s tips help you catch
             or seven casts. Cover the area. And don’t be afraid to cast up into the rocks, even six inches    that not-so-mythical 50-incher, make sure you click
             of water. Because a lot of times those big ones will be up there catching a suntan. The           on the Share Your Lund Story link on the site. We’d
             warmth speeds up their metabolism to help them digest, and if you put something in front          love to hear about it.




      6 | LUND                                                                                                                                 www.lundboats.com
lu.sp15.legendary_lund_Layout 1 2/16/15 10:16 AM Page 7




              “When that barometer starts swinging, the
             feedbag could be on. If the pressure change
                is happening, go to your big fish spot.”




                                                              Scan here to
                                                          read more about
                                                                Lund Pros’
                                                          favorite angling
                                                               techniques.
lu.sp15.travis_ricky_Layout 1 2/16/15 11:09 AM Page 8
lu.sp15.travis_ricky_Layout 1 2/19/15 1:38 PM Page 9




             Lim
            ———
              For angler Travis Thiel, the well-lived
              life is one where anything is possible.
            ———
lu.sp15.travis_ricky_Layout 1 2/19/15 1:39 PM Page 10




                                                        Th  a lo ﬆy.
                                                        Y,  a magaze abt mﬆ muski,
                                                        rdce glg  no excus. It may not
                                                        be set  a melodramic sce  ar
                                                        sn  s nr y, but make no
                                                        mtake: Th  abt e m’s lo f
                                                         tdrs   dri  foow h
                                                        psn no mt wt.

                                                        Like most love stories, its periods of darkness          In fact, the Kaukauna, Wisconsin, native
                                                        serve only to define its light, so that’s where      was soon undertaking physical tests few people
                                                        we’ll begin. In 2004, Travis Thiel was in a car      ever attempt to build up even more confidence.
                                                        accident that paralyzed him from the waist           “One of the very first challenges I took on was
                                                        down. Today, he has no movement or feeling in        the completion of a 13.1-mile half marathon in
                                                        his legs. But to stop there would be a half-com-     a standard wheelchair,” Travis says. Normally
                                                        pletion—an unfinished account.                       these races are performed in a racing wheel-
                                                            After the accident, Travis’ family rallied       chair, but Travis knew that building the kind of
                                                        around him. At the time, the young man who           life he wanted after his accident meant living
                                                        loved to fish from his dad’s Lund was just a sen-    the kind of life he’d had before—a rich one full
                                                        ior in high school. Right away, the family           of challenges where nothing was off-limits.
                                                        changed the layout of their house and built          “After my accident I had the attitude that
                                                        ramps to make Travis’ world more accessible.         I was not going to let this stop me from
                                                        These were practical changes, but after three        doing the things I loved to do. Being able-bodied
                                                        long months in the hospital adjusting to his new     or in a chair, I was going to do everything
                                                        circumstances, Travis knew he needed to be out-      that I did before.” And whether that was racing,
                                                        doors. His parents in particular wanted to help      fishing or just enjoying the water, Travis was
                                                        him back in a boat—the place he felt most him-       going to do it. “I was not okay with giving
                                                        self. Travis admits that first attempt to get back   up the things I loved to do, so with the help of
                                                        on the water was a rocky one: “My mom and dad        family and friends we found a way to make it
                                                        put the boat in the Wolf River, and we made the      all work.”
                                                        first attempt to get me in. It was pretty scary.”        Perhaps this winning attitude is part of




————
                                                        But Travis saw it as a necessary first step to       what attracted Travis’ wife, Renee, his “very
                                                        getting things back to “normal.”                     understanding angel,” to the determined young




      10 | LUND                                                                                                                      www.lundboats.com
 lu.sp15.travis_ricky_Layout 1 2/19/15 1:39 PM Page 11




                    “I had the attitude that I was not going to let this
                         stop me from doing the things I loved to do.”


         outdoorsman. Travis jokes that city-girl Renee      with a 200-hp Mercury® Verado® with a 9.9
         knew she was in for an adventure when he            Mercury Pro-Kicker, and I’m absolutely in love
         didn’t hesitate to mount a deer’s head in their     with the set-up,” Travis grins.
         first apartment together. Renee quickly learned         And it wasn’t just the boost in power that
         that Travis “loved to be outdoors more than         amped Travis to hit the water. He says that the
         anything.” Luckily, Renee’s brother Jimmy           design of the Tyee has proven to be perfect for
         shares Travis’ enthusiasm for fishing. The two      him, “The full windshield offers me a dry, pro-
         fish muskies on a yearly camping trip together      tected ride, and the glass-hull design is smooth
         up in Northern Wisconsin, and it was on one         in rough water, which is important for me as I      The Thiel family supports Travis’ ambitions,
         such trip that Travis realized he wanted a big-     have a lot of back pain.” For the unstoppable an-   both on the water and off. (Opposite bottom)
                                                                                                                 A young Travis caught the fishing bug early.
         ger boat to enhance his time on the water.          gler, a few adaptations make trailering his boat
             After his accident, Travis had bought a basic   a breeze, and the snap out carpet makes ma-
         boat, but his dad always joked it was no match      neuvering easy. Most importantly, the boat
         for his own Lund Pro-V. Travis had long ad-         accommodates not only Travis well, but also any
         mired his dad’s Lund and had fond memories of       friends he’d like to bring. Travis says of the
         salmon fishing in it out on Lake Michigan as        Tyee, “There is so much room that I can bring
         well as days spent tubing from it as a kid. Per-    my chair, set lines and still have my fishing
         haps now was the time, he thought, to finally       partners alongside me.” Travis also made sure
         make the jump to a Lund that would last him a       to choose a model that fulfilled his love Renee’s
         lifetime. He explored several models before up-     two requirements: It needed to be sparkly,
         grading to his current rig. “Even though I          and it needed to be a great family boat too.
         caught a lot of fish on the smaller boat, it was    Check and check.




————
         not big enough to fish rougher water. I pur-            Never one to settle, Travis is looking to use
         chased a brand-new 2014 Lund Tyee 186 GL            the Tyee to push his angling to new heights.




         www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                 LUND | 11
lu.sp15.travis_ricky_Layout 1 2/19/15 1:40 PM Page 12




———                         Travis hopes to pursue tournament
                         fishing and more in the coming years.




        “With my new Lund, I would like to start fish-       Travis has also been able to explore Green Bay       for Travis it’s all about the fish. “The enjoy-
        ing tournaments. Not so much for the money           safely thanks to his larger boat—a new adventure     ment of fishing is just one of those experiences
        but just to experience those adventures,”            despite its close proximity to his home.             that everyone should have a chance to do. I
        he says. It’s about more than just going against         Even though he’s only had the Tyee for a         really want to make a statement that anyone
        the grain for Travis though. He’d like to be an      season, Travis has already been able to make         in any condition can enjoy the outdoors,”
        example to anglers of all abilities and change       great memories: Last year, Travis took Jimmy’s       he stresses. This constant striving towards
        the way people think about challenges that feel      family, including his children Braelynn and          a limitless life keeps Travis looking for
        insurmountable. He presses, “I think taking          Keaton, out for a cruise. The kids wanted to         new adventures and cements his role-model
        part in a tournament series would show the an-       keep going faster and faster, so their uncle         status in our book. For this determined out-
        glers and the spectators that this is something      obliged zipping them around the lake. Of his fa-     doorsman, where there is a will, there is a
        I can do. Seeing the tournaments on TV, I have       vorite moment that day, Travis recalls, “On the      way: “I want others that are in a challenging
        not seen a person in a wheelchair compete…I’d        ride back, Keaton fell asleep in Renee’s arms        situation to know that there is always a way to
        like to show people that anything is possible        while we were running 30 mph back to the dock.       enjoy life. I’ve met a lot of people who unneces-
        and that you can’t be afraid to take a chance.”      It was crazy he could sleep like that, but the       sarily gave up on doing things that are
            When he’s not envisioning his tournament         Mercury Verado is just that quiet. I have a great    possible. Just because you are disabled does
        debut, Travis explores new fishing spots on          time being out on the water. It’s a time to laugh    not mean you are incapable. I find it very im-
        his big boat. “Now that I have a larger and          and share stories as well as be outside.” Travis’    portant to share my story for this reason:
        safer boat, I plan to make a trip to Bay De Noc      family is surely looking forward to even more        People have limitations, but if they are willing
        and fish the record-size walleye there,” he says.    adventures on the Tyee this summer.                  to take a chance and try something, it may




————
        No doubt, his dad and brother-in-law Jimmy               Whether approaching a new physical chal-         turn out to be one of the best moments of
        would be happy to come along for the ride.           lenge or simply challenging people’s expectations,   their lives.”




      12 | LUND                                                                                                                           www.lundboats.com
 lu.sp15.travis_ricky_Layout 1 2/19/15 1:40 PM Page 13




—
                                                                                   LETTERS
                                                                                    FROM THE
                                                                                    WATER
                                                                                             Angler Ricky Chones’ Lund gives him
                                                                                             greater range to get after the fish.




         Ricky Chones wants to set the record straight:                  On considering boats that would be a good
         “I was born without legs but was never brought up          fit, Ricky remembered a fishing trip in Canada
         thinking it was a challenge. I was treated just like the   when he was first exposed to Lund. “A DNR of-
                                                                                                                          “The boat has added a
         rest of my eight siblings.” The Mukwonago, Wis-            ficer pulled alongside a friend and me on the         great deal of variety to
         consin, native wrote to Lund because he wants              water, and I immediately noticed the boat’s deck
                                                                                                                           my fishing and more
         people of all abilities to know they don’t need to         room.” After checking out boats closer to home
         compromise when it comes to their favorite pur-            at MW Marine in Hales Corner, Wisconsin,              opportunities to go out
         suits. An energetic fisherman and basketball               Ricky knew a Lund 1875 Impact SS was the                on different lakes.”
         player who is very involved in wheelchair sports,          ride for him. “One of the reasons I selected this
         Ricky wants to share how his Lund fits into his            model was the ability to maneuver around the
         active lifestyle in hopes of helping others.               boat in or out of my chair. It also allows me to
             “I met a man in Appleton, Wisconsin, re-               bring another wheelchair user with me.” That
         cently who was diagnosed with a disability,”               option is certainly attractive for a confident      Wisconsin, over Memorial Day weekend to boat
         Ricky writes. “He sold his boat because he felt            angler looking to show others the adaptability      with his brother-in-law’s family.
         he would never fish again. I think if he would             of Lund boats and themselves.                           Indeed, it seems Ricky is an angler limited
         have been made aware of people with disabili-                   “The boat has added a great deal of variety    only by his ambitions. He wants other people
         ties who do fish and continue with any activity            to my fishing and more opportunities to go out      to know that’s the only way it has to be.
         they desire, he would be telling fishing stories           on different lakes, which I really enjoy,”          “I would suggest the Lund line to someone
         today.” Ricky acknowledges that access to good             Ricky affirms of the purchase. A typical day has    considering buying a boat because the many
         fishing spots from the banks of rivers and lakes           Ricky and his wife out on the water with their      features and options help people of all abilities
         was more limited in his wheelchair, so he went             dog in the early morning before the jet skiers      fulfill their boating needs.” Ricky says that
         about finding a great boat that would give                 hit the lake. They love to cook, so Ricky will      he would love to help Lund tackle even
         him access to the best fishing areas. He wasn’t            go after some crappie or catfish for supper.        more accessibility ideas. He’s a guy on the move




————
         going to let anything get between him and a                As for plans in the coming months, Ricky            and hopefully inspires anglers of all stripes to
         great catch.                                               is looking forward to a trip to St. Germain,        get moving too.




         www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                       LUND | 13
lu.sp15.UltimateFishingExperience_Layout 1 2/19/15 5:29 PM Page 14




                            Behind the Scenes:                       THE
                           ULTIMATE
                            FISHING
                            EXPERIENCE
                                            LUND’S LANDMARK TV SERIES BRINGS
                                          FISHING ACTION TO YOUR LIVING ROOM.
lu.sp15.UltimateFishingExperience_Layout 1 2/19/15 5:30 PM Page 15
lu.sp15.UltimateFishingExperience_Layout 1 2/19/15 5:30 PM Page 16




———
A
                                                                                                                  THE A TEAM: TV R&D
                                                                                                                  To say a lot of hard work goes into making fish-
                                                                                                                  ing television is a gross understatement. The
                                                                                                                  team behind the show—Executive Producer
                    As a kid, I often spent stormy Sunday mornings                                                James Lindner, Television Coordinator Jeremy
                    glued to fishing TV. A bowl of Cheerios in my lap                                             Smith, Producer/Editor Rich Eckholm, Field
                                                                                                                  Producer Mike Hehner, and videographers Bill
                    and a dog-eared fishing catalog “wish book”                                                   Lindner and Kyle Peterson—create 13 episodes
                    nearby, I’d make notes of what baits, rods and                                                a year.
                                                                                                                    Then there’s post-production, which involves
                    reels the pros were using. It was my motivation                                               editing, adding music, inserting graphics and
                    to keep cutting lawns and shoveling sidewalks.                                                ensuring each episode is broadcast-ready. “The
                                                                                                                  magic that you see in a finished show is all Rich
                                                                                                                  Eckholm. He does it all,” says Mike, the field
                    I dreamt of Southern bass lakes dotted with cypress trees, unspoiled Northern                 producer. But we’re getting ahead of ourselves.
                    waters, and giant fish while watching fishing TV pioneers Virgil Ward, Al and Ron             Planning for each year’s 13 episodes actually
                    Lindner, Bill Dance, Jimmy Houston, Roland Martin and Orlando Wilson to name a                starts months before the crew hits the road.
                    few. I mention all of this to point out what a huge impact fishing TV can have on its         Mike explains, “We’ll sit down with Jason Oakes
                    audience. When I was a child, it fueled the dream. Now, as an adult, it’s another             and Tony Kolker at Lund and talk about new
                    opportunity to learn about new places, hone new tactics and feel vicarious enjoyment          boats, boat dealerships, Pro Staff, locations and
                    when I can’t be outside myself. No better way to fish than in a Lund.                         sketch out a season. It’s really about spreading
                       Some of the fishing TV pioneers are still at it. Lindner’s Angling Edge stands out as      out across North America—not just the Mid-
                    a truly great show, and In-Fisherman continues to educate and motivate. But one of            west and Canada—and getting a mix of people,
                    the best fishing shows on TV and web right now simply places great people in great            species, waters and boats on camera. That’s
                    fishing destinations while the cameras roll. It’s called the Ultimate Fishing Experience.     what makes a great show.”
                       Each episode features Lund Pros exploring waters throughout North America.                   This past year new Lund dealerships opened
                    From the Great Lakes to the Canadian Shield and to the Far North, it’s as much                up in McAlester, Oklahoma, and suburban
                    about place as it is about product. Mostly it’s about people, and the passion we all          Los Angeles, California, setting the stage for
                    share for fishing. Here’s a behind-the-scenes look at the Ultimate Fishing Experience,        shows with Lund Pros Bobby Murray and
                    a glimpse into the world of the anglers we admire and the team of talented individuals        Jarret Edwards. Similarly, shows were filmed in
                    whose heavy lifting and creative vision make our cold and rainy Sunday mornings off           Ohio and Missouri, not to mention Minnesota,




————
                    the water a little more bearable.                                                             Wisconsin and Canada.




                                                                        The successful show takes its dedicated
                                                                       crew all over North America for gripping
                                                                                    angling action.




      16 | LUND
lu.sp15.UltimateFishingExperience_Layout 1 2/19/15 5:30 PM Page 17




—             “It’s really about spreading
              out across North America—
                 not just the Midwest and
            Canada—and getting a mix of
              people, species, waters and
            boats on camera. That’s what
                     makes a great show.”

           “Before Mike and the crew go out, I create
        a theme for the shows with knowledge we’ve
        gathered from potential guests,” says Rich. “The
        goal is to create a coherent show even if the bite
        doesn’t line up. I script out the intro in bullet
        points so the viewers know exactly what they’ll
        be learning in the show. And we try to make
        sure those points are explained throughout the
        episode.” Bill Lindner adds that “digging” is also
        a huge part of it: “There’s a lot of research in-
        volved. The guys talk with biologists and area
        locals, digging around for the inside scoop.”
        Mike adds, “The biggest challenge on my end is
        scheduling. Everybody’s busy. You want to get
        together with them when the fishing is good,
        but it also has to be when they’re available.
        That’s why we plan up to six months in ad-
        vance.” And then there’s the challenge of
        making sure the show guests are comfortable
        with cameras. “It’s a lot harder than you’d think
        to act natural and relaxed on camera. Espe-
        cially when dealing with new guys who haven’t
        been on TV much, it can be a challenge. You’re
        pressured to create a show quickly and yet want
        to create a relaxed atmosphere. But it’s a fine




——
        line,” says Mike.




                                                             www.lundboats.com   LUND | 17
lu.sp15.UltimateFishingExperience_Layout 1 2/19/15 5:30 PM Page 18




        THE SHOW RECIPE                                         eagles, fog, waterfalls, and we then spend another
        Once a 13-episode schedule is created and guests        day getting the ‘meat and potatoes’ fishing.”
        are lined up, the production crew hits the road           Freshwater Fishing Hall of Fame photogra-
        and it’s show time. But it’s not all glitz and glam-    pher Bill Lindner is often dispatched in his
        our—far from it. “Rich puts together a recipe for       Lund Alaskan to film cool scenic material, while
        how the shows should go. So we have set things          Mike shoots the fishing portion of the show.
        we need to shoot at every place—traveling, get-         “Most of our very best shows emerge from situ-
        ting to the lake, area history on the front-end. We     ations when we’re out hunting beauty shots
        really have a set agenda. We put cameras on the         with specialized equipment. Like super high-
        truck looking back and forward to document              speed cameras,” Bill says. “Might also involve
        launching the boat. We also do some shooting in         using an underwater housing to capture
        the vehicle or at the landing with the anglers to       something that is not doable with a GoPro. Or
        get some info on what we’re doing that day. The         setting up a time-lapse camera to capture the
        reality is we might not get onto the water until a      sunrise or sunset.”
        couple hours later, which means we’re typically           And when the shooting’s done, the challenge        TV MAGIC: UNDERWATER & UP HIGH
        out the door, and it’s lights, camera, action at zero   is assembling hours of footage into the 22           Part of what makes a compelling fishing show is
        dark thirty,” says Mike.                                minute, 30 second broadcast-television show.         underwater footage of fish and their habitat. In
           In a perfect world, the team can shoot a show        “All of a sudden we have the fishing footage on      the golden age of fishing TV, all underwater
        in a day, but two days is more typical. Mike            the main camera and B-roll and cutaway shows         footage had to be captured by divers with large,
        continues, “One of those days is dedicated to           on DSLRs and GoPros. If it’s a tough show, we        expensive cameras. To this day, videographer
        capturing what we call ‘B roll’, basically the          have a lot of footage to go through. Some shows      Bill Lindner still dives with big, “old faithful”
        scenic shots that portray the flavor of the area.       can take a couple days to edit; others a whole       camera housings to document fish behavior, like


                       ——
        For example, in Canada we try to get footage of         week,” says Mike.                                    schooling, feeding and how they relate to their
                                                                                                                     environment. “This part of the game requires a
                                                                                                                     huge effort with a lot of equipment. It’s a big
                                                                                                                     wrangle,” says Bill.
                                                                                                                        Besides large expensive cameras, consumer-
                                                                                                                     grade GoPros have become an essential tool
                                                                                                                     that greatly ups the production value of fishing
                                                                                                                     shows. “GoPros give us the flexibility to place
                                                                                                                     cameras above and below water where we’ve
                                                                                                                     never put cameras before, creating compelling
                                                                                                                     imagery,” Bill says. “I’ll also use cameras that
                                                                                                                     over-crank to 120 or 240 frames/second to give
                                                                                                                     us that glass-smooth cinematic feel you see on
                                                                                                                     the show of boats running or someone casting.”
                                                                                                                        Watch the show and you’ll also notice “out
                                                                                                                     boat” shots. These can be as basic as following
                                                                                                                     the show host’s boat with another boat or em-
                                                                                                                     ploying use of a 20-foot Lund Alaskan specially
                                                                                                                     rigged with a 10-foot aluminum-frame tower,
                                                                                                                     which allows crane-like shots from high above.
                                                                                                                     “Our ‘tower boat’ gives the editor another
                                                                                                                     unique perspective for brilliant cutaways. When
                                                                                                                     we capture footage of a fish catch from up
                                                                                                                     above, it allows for seamless edits from a unique
                                                                                                                     vantage point,” says Bill.
                                                                                                                        They chose the 20-foot Lund Alaskan for nu-
                                                                                                                     merous reasons. “It’s a bulletproof boat with a
                                                                                                                     wide-open floor plan to accommodate all our
                                                                                                                     camera gear, lighting and easy shooting from
                                                                                                                     any angle. The tiller is obviously key for precise




———
                                                                                                                     boat control and space considerations,” says Mike.




      18 | LUND                                                                                                                               www.lundboats.com
lu.sp15.UltimateFishingExperience_Layout 1 2/19/15 5:30 PM Page 19




        ON THE ROAD                                           of opportunities that fulfill the needs of the            species they fish. Could be small waters fishing
        But the shows aren’t all rainbows and soaring         sportsman who loves waterfowling and fishing.             in a 14-foot Lund Fury or big-water trophy
        eagles. There’s weather to contend with. And          That’s where the Lund Alaskan comes in. We                hunting in a 208 Pro-V GL Tiller. There’s some-
        even when Mother Nature complies, sometimes           talked about what makes diver ducks unique,               thing for everyone,” says Scott. “The show also
        the fish don’t. Mike recalls, “The first show of      as well what walleyes and crappies do after               captures Lund customer service and satisfac-
        our first year was a small-boat bass show with        turnover. Plus, I think we captured how to best           tion. When you talk to the consumer, there’s a
        Al Lindner. You’d think the fish would line up to     utilize the tools available beyond the boat, like         tradition of ‘I remember my first Lund from fish
        bite his bait. Wasn’t the case. The post-spawn        electronics, and make your experience the very            camp,’ or ‘my dad and grandpa had a Lund.’ It’s
        fish were scattered and didn’t want to bite. It       best possible,” says Rich.                                not all about trophies and big checks. Experi-
        took us three days on three different lakes to                                                                  ence new places, catch fish, go have fun!
        capture that show. Proves that even a fish whis-                                                                Eckholm and crew have captured that.”
        perer like Al can have off days, too, especially in      “Most of our very best
        bad conditions.”                                          shows emerge from
           He relates a similar story about Mille Lacs         situations when we’re out                                THE PERFECT CLIENT
        Lake-guide Tony Roach. “Tony Roach is one hell         hunting beauty shots with                                The crew has worked with a lot of fishing compa-
        of an angler. And he bends over backwards to                                                                    nies over the years, but say the Ultimate Fishing
                                                                specialized equipment.”
        help us even though his guide schedule is in-                                                                   Experience is a high point. “I couldn’t ask for a
        sane. That said, we’ve had to shoot during cold                                                                 better client. Feels good to help promote a prod-
        fronts and during some pretty bad bites. Of           PRO PERSPECTIVES                                          uct that I believe in and have used my entire
        course, Tony catches fish but every single time       PWT champions and Lund Pros Scott and                     life,” says Mike. Rich nods. “Absolutely.”
        it’s been a struggle. Two days before he’s cream-     Marty Glorvigen are no strangers to the world
        ing them with clients and we show up and the          of fishing TV and video. As founders and owners
        bite shuts off.”                                      of Wired2Fish, it’s the bread and butter of their         The Ultimate Fishing Experience can
           But sometimes the stars line up perfectly,         business. They know what works, what doesn’t.             be seen on Fox Sports North and affiliates,
        making for an epic show. Rich and Mike agree          “The Lund show appeals to all anglers. When               The Sportsman Channel, Pursuit, Wild TV
        that the Glorvigen fall “double duty” fishing and     the viewer sees it, he or she is part of it. It’s a       and WFN. Episodes can also be viewed
        duck-hunting episode stands out as one of their       cross section of everything Lund Boats touch              online at www.lundboats.com and Lund’s

————    best. “We wanted to show how fall presents a lot      and anglers who are passionate about the                  YouTube channel.




                                                                                                                       Want to see more fishing
                                                                                                                      action? Scan here to view
                                                                                                                       episodes of the Ultimate
                                                                                                                    Fishing Experience online.




—
lu.sp15.Keszler_Layout 1 2/19/15 5:45 PM Page 20




                          FA M I LY
                          TRADN
                                      FOR THE KESZLERS, FISHING
                                          IS A FAMILY AFFAIR.
lu.sp15.Keszler_Layout 1 2/19/15 5:45 PM Page 21
lu.sp15.Keszler_Layout 1 2/19/15 2:06 PM Page 22




                                                                                                               grow up over the past couple decades. Still
                                                                                                               today, he monitors their tournament accom-
        IN FISHING, THERE’S A KINSHIP THAT                                                                     plishments and big-fish catches via Facebook
                                                                                                               and phone calls to include in his bi-weekly
        TRANSCENDS SOCIAL STATUS.                                                                              Target Walleye newsletter. Ron says of the chil-
        United in pursuit of the next bite, friendships often develop                                          dren, “Darrell and Amanda are fishing
                                                                                                               tournaments and doing well. And Amanda is
        between anglers who have little in common off the water.                                               also coming into her own as an outdoors writer.
        There are entire families, too, whose spirit of togetherness                                           Brian is successful in his life’s path. The
                                                                                                               Keszlers are a good case study in how fishing
        and zeal for the sport motivates us all.

      ———
        In Canada, there’s the Keszler clan, a fun-loving
        family of fishing professionals who continues to
        develop innovative walleye- and bass-fishing
                                                            you get down to it, Alex Keszler is the quintes-
                                                            sential Canadian man,” says Ron. “He’s a
                                                            consummate outdoorsman on numerous levels.
                                                                                                               can create a strong family.”
                                                                                                                 This past summer I was fortunate enough to
                                                                                                               spend a couple days with the Keszlers in their
                                                                                                               2075 Pro Guide. The situation recalled the old
                                                                                                               TV show Wild Kingdom, Marlin Perkins whis-
                                                                                                               pering from behind a bush, “Now observe the
        tactics in the pressure cooker of Canadian          He’s a walleye brain but also a great bass an-     creatures in their natural habitat…” And so, I
        tournaments. Based near Winnipeg, Manitoba,         gler. And he’s been part of that Lake Winnipeg     got to know them while catching walleyes
        the Keszlers are surrounded by world-class          ‘ice brigade’ since the beginning, teaching us     amidst the towering pines and gorgeous geol-
        Canadian waters in every direction, including       how to catch big greenbacks through the ice.”      ogy of Northwest Ontario’s Sunset Country on
        nearby Lake Winnipeg, countless rivers, North-         But it’s Alex Keszler’s integrity as a parent   the Winnipeg River, one of the continent’s top
        west Ontario’s “Sunset Country” and Lake of         that impresses Lindner most. “Alex has won a       walleye waters. Not a bad gig.
        the Woods to the east.                              lot of tournaments in his day, but I think his       The water was abnormally high that day, and
          Fishing pioneer Ron Lindner has spent             greatest accomplishment is how he’s instilled      the current would have been nearly un-fishable
        countless hours with fellow Lund Pro Alex           a love of the outdoors in those kids. They are     to most. But for the Keszlers, it was just an-




————
        Keszler and his family over the years as a men-     great outdoorsmen and women and just great         other day to smile, laugh and figure out what
        tor, tournament competitor and friend. “When        people.” Ron has watched the Keszler kids          the walleyes wanted, despite the challenges.




      22 | LUND                                                                                                                        www.lundboats.com
 lu.sp15.Keszler_Layout 1 2/19/15 5:46 PM Page 23




                                                             Even when tournament
                                                             fishing, the Keszlers try to
                                                             stay relaxed, taking the
                                                             “fishing for fun” approach
                                                             to competitive angling.
                                                             (Left) Dad Alex shows off
                                                             the day’s spoils. (Right)
                                                             The Keszler crew enjoys
                                                             the Winnipeg River and
                                                             each other’s company on
                                                             a perfect fishing day.




            You’d never know it from their relaxed ban-          or five years old. We all went out as a family—
                                                                                                                     “It had to be fun, and you
         ter, but the pressure was on. While they weren’t        me, my wife, the kids—to fish crappies.” Alex
         pre-fishing for a tournament, the family was            shook his head and laughed mid-story. “I still       had to be catching fish.
         scouting for an episode of the Lund’s Ultimate          remember the last time we camped. We had a           So, you’ve got to educate
         Fishing Experience TV show. (For a behind-the-          tent filled with cold and wet sleeping bags. So,
         scenes look at the program, check out our               at a fairly young age with the kids, camping         yourself to a point where
         feature on page 14.) And although they didn’t           was over. It became ‘Let’s just get a cabin some-    you can consistently catch
         know me from Adam, I was treated like a long-           where.’ And up here in Canada, you can do that
         lost brother. They taught me a few new walleye          on the cheap near some world-class fishing.”
                                                                                                                      fish when you need to.
         tricks and made me laugh a lot. I left with a             As we motored from one river spot to the           That, and not being too
         first-hand understanding of why they perform            next, I asked Alex how he made sure that fish-       critical. Teach them, but
         so well in tournaments and why their hijinks            ing would be a positive experience for his kids.
         are near legendary.                                     After all, with so much family history, I imag-      let the kids have fun.”
            As we set out, Alex shared a bit about his           ined there was some pressure. “It had to be
         start in fishing: “I grew up fishing the Winnipeg       fun, and you had to be catching fish,” Alex said.
         River in Manitoba with my folks. I was six or           “So, you’ve got to educate yourself to a point
         seven years old, and we’d fish the stretch of           where you can consistently catch fish when
         river near Whiteshell Provincial Park. It’s what        you need to. That, and not being too critical.
         I grew up doing, so it was natural for me to do         Teach them, but let the kids have fun.” This




————
         the same with my kids. Brian, Darrell and               seems like a good policy. Amanda and Darrell
         Amanda all got their start when they were four          were quick to volunteer their memories of




         www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                 LUND | 23
lu.sp15.Keszler_Layout 1 2/19/15 5:46 PM Page 24




                                                                                                                     Amanda and Darrell show off a walleye
                                                                                                                     before a big supper with friends.




                                                                                                                   current. It’s like bread and butter with a little jam
                                                                                                                   on it,” said Alex. Amanda said, “We have three
                                                                                                                   different baits going right now so we can dial
                                                                                                                   what the walleyes want.” For Alex, it was a #7
                                                                                                                   Flat Rap, Darrell, an Original Floating Jointed
                                                                                                                   #11 Rapala, and Amanda trolled #10 Rapala BX
                                                                                                                   Minnow. I pick a #7 Flat Rap. I had learned long
                                                                                                                   ago—do exactly what the guide does.
                                                                                                                      Of picking bait, Alex said, “We like to let the
                                                                                                                   fish tell us what profile and color they want.
                                                                                                                   Then we all switch to what’s working. And
                                                                                                                   color does matter. In the last tournament, the
        fishing with their parents. “I remember bobber             All of a sudden, a fish on the line inter-      ’eyes really wanted the original black/silver or
        fishing for goldeye on the Red River,” Amanda           rupted us. “There’s one! The skunk’s gone. We      blue/silver.” That’s when my own rod goes off.
        said. “That’s a great memory. When I was really         can go in now, have a couple whiskeys,” Alex       “There he is,” I announced. Patting me on the
        young, Dad would take me out on Sunday after-           joked. “You can put this down in your article,     back, Alex joked, “Not bad, the writer can fish
        noons. I still remember watching the bobber go          too. Dad usually catches the first one when he     a little bit, too.”
        down, and Dad coaching me, ‘Reel up the slack,          fishes with the kids.” “I’ve got one too!”            We caught many more walleyes that day,
        faster, faster!’ That’s what started my whole           Amanda yelled just then. As quickly as the         which is always a treat. But this “long-lost
        fishing career.” Darrell laughed. “Me, I don’t          moment took hold, Amanda added, “Hang on,          brother” left his time with the Keszlers think-
        have too many,” he said. “I just can’t remember         something’s got my walleye! I can see him          ing about how fishing is so much more than a
        my childhood for some reason…too traumatic.”            right there!” Alex turned to me, “We’ve got        hobby, a pastime or even a passion. It’s a great
        Before Darrell could speak, Alex interjected,           those, too, Jim. Big muskies…”                     way to make new friends. It’s also a glue that
        “We were cooking breakfast one morning, and                Amanda swung the 17-inch walleye into the       keeps parents communicating with kids and
        Darrell says, ‘Okay, who put the potato in my           boat. “The big fish had ’em by the side. You can   kids with parents—a great way to make mem-
        hashbrowns?’ He was about seven and didn’t              see the marks,” she said. I was dumb-founded       ories and keep families strong. Indeed, the
        know where hashbrowns came from!” Darrell               by how we were able to catch walleyes in the       family that fishes together, stays together. I’m
        laughed and recounted a memory of his own.              wild current. The trick? A hefty 6-ounce bottom    grateful that fishing played a significant part
        “Here’s one. We used to put sticks over the ice-fish-   bouncer on a three way rig that kept our           in my own upbringing. Maybe it did in yours,




———
        ing holes and cover them in snow so Dad would           crankbaits perfectly tethered in the strike zone   too. Even if it didn’t, it’s never too late to start
        get a ‘booter.’ Lots of practical jokes like that.”     near bottom. “Crankbaits, bottom bouncers,         your own family fishing tradition.




      24 | LUND                                                                                                                              www.lundboats.com
lu.sp15.ca_cover_Layout 1 2/16/15 3:52 PM Page 1




                 2015
                 ALuminum, fiberglass And Jon Boats catalog
                       Fishing at its finest.
                       Before our boats leave the factory, before they ever touch water, we mark them with Lund’s name across the side. For
                       us, the mark isn’t a matter of decoration. It’s a symbol that recognizes a heritage of superior construction and unbeat-
                       able performance. Because from a distance, you might not be able to distinguish the IPS™ hull or the power strake
                       design, but you can see four letters across the side—four letters that represent 67 years of quality craftsmanship
                       for fishermen, by fishermen.
                       The next time you’re in a secluded cove with a line in the water, look at that mark on the side of your boat and know you’re
                       not just in a fishing boat. You’re in a Lund.




lu.sp15_intro.indd 2                                                                                                                                  2/19/15 6:00 PM
                       Contents
                       02 Superior Construction
                       06 Lund Technology
                       07 Pro-V
                       15 Baron
                       16 Tyee
                       21 Crossover
                       24 Sport Angler
                       25 Impact
                       29 Pro Guide
                       31 Rebel
                       35 Outfitter
                       36 Alaskan
                       38 Fury
                       42 SSV
                       43 WC
                       44 A, C & WD
                       45 Jon Boats
                       46 ProTrak
                       47 Options & Accessories
                       52 Colors
                       54 S
                           tandard & Optional
                          Equipment
                       58 Specifications
                       63 Lund Gear
                       63 Mercury Engines
                       64 Warranty




lu.sp15_intro.indd 1                              2/19/15 6:00 PM
           Two Hulls, One Tradition

                            Lund’s hulls are made from fiberglass and aluminum—two
                            very different materials. But our hulls aren’t defined by raw
                            material. They’re defined by tradition, quality craftsman-
                            ship and meticulous standards. Because how the boat is
                            made is just as important as what it’s made from.
                            Both our aluminum and fiberglass hulls are derived from the same innovative
                            design—Lund’s IPS™, IPS™2 and IPS™3 (Integrated Power Strake) tech-
                            nology. We’ve developed a construction process that incorporates the same
                            industry-leading design into every hull that comes off the line.
                               Our aluminum and fiberglass hulls expand your possibilities and offer a
                            customizable experience. We take pride knowing that whatever material you
                            choose—whether it’s the smooth and sleek fiberglass or rugged aluminum—
                            you’re still in a Lund.




      2 | LUND                                                                   www.lundboats.com




lu.sp15_intro.indd 2                                                                              2/19/15 11:09 AM
                       Fiberglass                                             Aluminum
                       The smooth finish and sleek coloration on Lund’s       Lund’s aluminum hulls aren’t just built to perform
                       fiberglass boats come from precision molds devel-      at the highest level. They are built to maintain that
                       oped at Lund. But beyond the distinctive fiberglass    unmatched handling through years of hard use.
                       look, the molds also serve to ensure consistency in    That starts by using the most durable raw alumi-
                       performance and durability in every fiberglass hull    num in the industry. From there, our employees
                       that comes off the line. True straightness within      use cutting-edge shaping techniques to hand-piece
                       the composite fiberglass structure is guaranteed be-   together the IPS™, IPS™ 2 and IPS™ 3 hulls on
                       cause the molds themselves have been optimized         every Lund. Because a boat may look similar in the
                       from the outset.                                       showroom, but it’s what is under the floor that makes
                                                                              a Lund different.



         www.lundboats.com                                                                                                            LUND | 3




lu.sp15_intro.indd 3                                                                                                                   2/19/15 11:09 AM
            Smooth Operator

            Sometimes you’re only as good as the boat you fish in. If you
            can’t maintain your position while fishing, your chance for hooking
            that fish of a lifetime decreases significantly. Thankfully, Lund
            boats have been meticulously engineered and constructed to
            deliver unmatched control that allows you to outperform the
            competition every time.
                At the core of it all is Lund’s exclusive IPS™ (Integrated
            Power Strake), IPS™2 and IPS™3 hull designs. The IPS system
            utilizes a pronounced center keel that helps maintain ultimate
            boat control. At the back of the hull, water hits a flat pad,
            which greatly reduces churn. The non-turbulent water creates
            less motor strain and, ultimately, delivers better performance.
                Wide reverse chines allow for precise cornering maneuvers
            and overall better control. They allow the boat to get on plane
            quicker and improve holeshot, as well. Finally, a wider foot-
            print enhances onboard stability.
                IPS integrates all of these features into a cohesive system
            that provides anglers with better backtrolling, superior drift
            control and more precise boat positioning. Simply put, Lund
            boats deliver a better, faster, higher, smoother and drier ride.




                                                                                  1 Lund Boats track like a train
                                                                                  on rails, when trolling forward or
                                                                                  backward, to maintain your desired
                                                                                  position at any time. 2 Additional
                                                                                  strakes on the IPS™2 hull provide
                                                                                  more control to enhance tracking
                                                                                  ability and give you the competi-
                                                                                  tive advantage. 3 Reverse chines
                                                                                  add an additional dimension to
                                                                                  boat control. They not only provide
                                                                                  added stability, but also additional
                                                                                  edges to cut water and stay on top
                                                                                  of the fish. 4 Lund’s pronounced
                                                                                  center keel works to eliminate
                                                                                  cross drift, making it easy to stay
                                                                                  in complete control and reduce
                                                                                  battery and human fatigue.
                                                                                  5 Lund Boats are engineered to
                                                                                  be center balanced. This keeps
                                                                                  the hull working at maximum
                                                                                  efficiency for ultimate tracking
                                                                                  control in all conditions.



      4 | LUND                                                                                  www.lundboats.com




lu.sp15_intro.indd 4                                                                                                 2/19/15 11:09 AM
         The Unsinkable Ship
         Lund engineers strive to design hulls that can endure the most extreme
         conditions. One of those extremes? A hull riddled with dozens of gap-
         ing holes—66 to be exact. The engineers gouged into the aluminum
         around the entire frame of their “holey” boat and launched it onto
         the water. The boat not only stayed afloat, it maintained stability and
         performance at high speeds when on plane, allowing the engineers to
         safely return to land with little more than damp shoes.
             The secret to Lund’s superior flotation, even when taking on water,
         is strategically injected foam that meets and exceeds Coast Guard
         regulations. The buoyant material lining the inside of the hull ensures
         superior stability and flotation under extreme stress. For more infor-
         mation on Lund’s flotation compliance process and to see videos of
         the “holey” boat, visit www.lundboats.com.




         www.lundboats.com                                                         LUND | 5




lu.sp15_intro.indd 5                                                                2/16/15 11:51 AM
            A Job Well Done
                                                                     Captain’s
                                                                     Creature Comforts
            Lund’s pioneering work with livewells keeps your
            catch healthier and less prone to stress

            ProLong Plus
            The envy of the industry and the most technologi-
            cally advanced system to ever hit the water, the
            ProLong Plus is designed with a freshwater
            pickup integrated into the bottom of
            the hull, where it forces a steady
            flow of water into the live-
            well while the boat is
            running.




                                                                     2075/1900/1800 Tyee:
                                                                     Command console
                                                                     The 2075/1900/1800 Tyees will amaze anglers with
             ProLong                                                 a fantastic set of features—for both fishing and
             This two-pump design keeps water fresher and fish
                                                                     comfort. The command console offers distinct style
             calmer than any other in the industry. One pump
                                                                     and an ergonomic layout where everything is closer
             fills and aerates the well from above the
             fish, while the other recirculates and                  at hand.
             injects fresh air via the Max-
             Air system for maximum
             oxygenation.




            Aerated
            Lund’s high-quality aerated livewell features a single
            pump with a single-switch control. You also have
            the option of running the aerator pump
            continuously in manual mode, or in-
            termittently in automatic mode
            when the model is equipped
            with a timer.                                            1800/1650 Rebel XL: Helm
                                                                     Anglers have everything at their disposal when at
                                                                     the helm of the 1800/1650 Rebel XL. For starters,
                                                                     clear, easy-to-read gauges make it effortless to check
                                                                     fuel, tach and speed while underway. Helm toggles
                                                                     are right within reach, as is a spacious and protec-
                                                                     tive cell-phone holder.




      6 | LUND                                                                                           www.lundboats.com




lu.sp15_intro.indd 6                                                                                                          2/16/15 11:51 AM
                                          Boat shown with optional Special Edition graphics.
                                          Boats may show factory and/or dealer installed options.
                                          Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                                                                                                   Boat shown with optional Special Edition graphics.

        1                                           2




        3                                           4
        1 In-gunnel storage maximizes
        valuable deck space 2 Livewell water
        level and temperature monitoring
        system keeps information available
        at a glance 3 ProRide pedestal seats
        provide ergonomic comfort 4 Ample
        Pro-V rod storage has room for 15 rods:
        (5) 8'0", (5) 7'6", (5) 7'0" 5 12-gallon
        bow livewell keeps trophies in prime        5
        condition



                                                                                                                                                   SPECIFICATIONS
                                 IPS™ 2         Approximate           Maximum           Transom        Fuel         Livewell       Rod Storage        Seat         Seat
         Length     Beam
                              Chine Width         Weight                HP               Height        Tank         Systems         Capacity        Pedestals     Bases
           20'8"      97"          87"             2000 lbs.               300               25"       62 gal    Bow 27"/12 gal       7'0"–8'0"     4 Air Ride      6
                                                                                                                  Aft 51"/25 gal




                                                                                                    Storage     Livewell   Baitwell    Seats      Seat Bases     Fuel Tank
        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                                                      Lund | 7




lu.sp15_ProV_Baron.indd 7                                                                                                                                                                                       2/16/15 11:53 AM
                                                                                                                  Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                                    or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                                  Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                              1                                         2




                                                                                              3                                         4
                                                                                                                                        1 Redesigned transom for more
                                                                                                                                        versatility 2 Starboard on-deck rod
                                                                                                                                        straps come standard 3 Removable
                                                                                                                                        aft storage pods for all your gear
                                                                                                                                        4 Recessed switch panel for more
                                                                                                                                        seamless control 5 33-gallon aft
                                                                                                                                        ProLong Plus livewell/baitwell


                                                                                              5


                            SPECIFICATIONS
                                                  IPS™ 3      Approximate    Maximum          Transom   Fuel        Livewell            Rod Storage       Seat         Seat
                            Length     Beam
                                               Chine Width      Weight         HP              Height   Tank        Systems              Capacity       Pedestals     Bases
                             21'9"     102"        87.5"        3000 lbs.        350             25"    60 gal   Bow 30.5"/20 gal          8'0"–9'0"     4 Air Ride      7
                                                                             (Mercury only)                       Aft 51"/33 gal




                             Storage    Livewell   Baitwell   Seats   Seat Bases     Fuel Tank
     8 | LUND                                                                                                                                      www.lundboats.com




lu.sp15_ProV_Baron.indd 8                                                                                                                                                2/16/15 11:53 AM
                                           Boats may show factory and/
                                           or dealer installed options.
                                           Please see dealer for details.




        1                                            2




        3                                            4
        1 Integrated tool holder for all your
        important equipment 2 Deep bow
        storage compartments organize
        gear out of the way 3 Lockable rod
        storage holds up to 11 rods (8'0")
        4 Built-in tackle tray storage
        5 Recessed bow gunnel storage
        with net
                                                     5


                                                                                                                                               SPECIFICATIONS
                                 IPS™ 2           Approximate               Maximum   Transom      Fuel         Livewell      Rod Storage         Seat         Seat
         Length     Beam
                              Chine Width           Weight                    HP       Height      Tank         Systems        Capacity         Pedestals     Bases
           20'8"      96"           87"              2400 lbs.                250       25"        60 gal    Bow 31"/13 gal       6'6"–8'0"     4 Air Ride      6
                                                                                                             Aft 51"/26 gal




                                                                                                Storage     Livewell   Baitwell    Seats      Seat Bases     Fuel Tank
        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                Lund | 9




lu.sp15_ProV_Baron.indd 9                                                                                                                                                 2/16/15 11:53 AM
                                                                                                                 Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                                   or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                                 Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                             1                                         2




                                                                                             3                                         4
                                                                                                                                       1 Ample port bow storage
                                                                                                                                       2 Command console provides
                                                                                                                                       weather protection and serious
                                                                                                                                       control 3 Removable port-side
                                                                                                                                       bin for on-board flexibility
                                                                                                                                       4 Convenient aft charging
                                                                                                                                       station 5 Bow livewell for more
                                                                                                                                       time on the water
                                                                                             5


                             SPECIFICATIONS
                                                   IPS™ 3      Approximate    Maximum        Transom    Fuel       Livewell            Rod Storage        Seat        Seat
                             Length     Beam
                                                Chine Width      Weight         HP            Height    Tank       Systems              Capacity        Pedestals    Bases
                              20'2"     102"        87.5"        2700 lbs.          300           25"   60 gal   Bow 31"/20 gal           7'0"–8'0"     4 Air Ride       8
                                                                                                                 Aft 51"/33 gal




                              Storage    Livewell   Baitwell   Seats   Seat Bases     Fuel Tank
     10 | LUND                                                                                                                                    www.lundboats.com




lu.sp15_ProV_Baron.indd 10                                                                                                                                               2/16/15 11:54 AM
                                        Boat shown with optional Special Edition graphics.
                                        Boats may show factory and/or dealer installed options.
                                        Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                                                                                                 Boat shown with optional Special Edition graphics.

        1                                         2




        3                                         4
        1 Under-console storage organizes
        tackle and gear 2 Convenient rod
        locker light adds functionality
        3 Optional snap-in marine-grade
        carpet 4 Gunnel rod storage allows
        for quick access to all your rods
        5 The 25-gallon aerated livewell/
        baitwell system preserves catches
                                                  5


                                                                                                                                                 SPECIFICATIONS
                                IPS™ 2        Approximate           Maximum           Transom        Fuel         Livewell       Rod Storage        Seat         Seat
         Length     Beam
                             Chine Width        Weight                HP               Height        Tank         Systems         Capacity        Pedestals     Bases
           19'8"      97"        87"             1830 lbs.               225               25"       51 gal    Bow 27"/12 gal       7'0"–8'0"     4 Air Ride      6
                                                                                                                Aft 51"/25 gal




                                                                                                  Storage     Livewell   Baitwell    Seats      Seat Bases     Fuel Tank
        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                                                  Lund | 11




lu.sp15_ProV_Baron.indd 11                                                                                                                                                                                    2/16/15 11:54 AM
                                                                                                                                         Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                                                           or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                                                         Please see dealer for details.




          Boat shown with optional Special Edition graphics.

                                                                                                                     1                                         2




                                                                                                                     3                                         4
                                                                                                                                                               1 Optional under-console storage
                                                                                                                                                               drawer keeps you well armed
                                                                                                                                                               2 Convenient aft starboard storage for
                                                                                                                                                               additional gear 3 In-deck lockable rod
                                                                                                                                                               storage holds up to 10 rods: (5) 7'0";
                                                                                                                                                               (5) 6'6" 4 Large bow and deep storage
                                                                                                                                                               compartments allow room for all
                                                                                                                                                               your gear 5 Optional aft storage and
                                                                                                                                                               splash-well inserts
                                                                                                                     5


                                                   SPECIFICATIONS
                                                                           IPS™ 2      Approximate    Maximum        Transom    Fuel       Livewell            Rod Storage        Seat         Seat
                                                    Length      Beam
                                                                        Chine Width      Weight         HP            Height    Tank       Systems              Capacity        Pedestals     Bases
                                         IFS/SE      18'10"     95"         82"          1600 lbs.          200           25"   40 gal   Bow 33"/16 gal               7'0"       3 Air Ride    6
                                                                                                                                         Aft 40"/18 gal

                                              SE     18'10"     95"         82"          1500 lbs.          200           25"   40 gal   Bow 33"/16 gal               7'0"       3 Air Ride    6
                                                                                                                                         Aft 40"/18 gal
      IFS/SE            SE
                                                      Storage    Livewell   Baitwell   Seats   Seat Bases     Fuel Tank
     12 | LUND                                                                                                                                                               www.lundboats.com




lu.sp15_ProV_Baron.indd 12                                                                                                                                                                      2/16/15 11:54 AM
                                          Boats may show factory and/
                                          or dealer installed options.
                                          Please see dealer for details.




        1                                           2




        3                                           4
        1 In-deck lockable rod storage
        for up to 11 rods: (6) 8'0"; (5) 7'6"
        2 The aft livewell system keeps your
        catch and bait lively 3 Port console
        allows you to keep everything you
        need within reach 4 Port storage
        for additional gear makes loading
        up a breeze 5 Plenty of bow storage
        holds all the essentials                    5


                                                                                                                                              SPECIFICATIONS
                                 IPS™ 2          Approximate               Maximum   Transom      Fuel         Livewell        Rod Storage       Seat         Seat
         Length     Beam
                              Chine Width          Weight                    HP       Height      Tank         Systems          Capacity       Pedestals     Bases
           18'6"      98"        82.75"             2100 lbs.                200       25"        40 gal    Bow 24.5"/12 gal     6'6"–8'0"     3 Air Ride      7
                                                                                                             Aft 46"/22 gal




                                                                                               Storage     Livewell   Baitwell    Seats      Seat Bases     Fuel Tank
        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                               Lund | 13




lu.sp15_ProV_Baron.indd 13                                                                                                                                               2/16/15 11:54 AM
                                                                                                                    Boat shown with optional Premium graphics.
                                                                                                           Boats may show factory and/or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                                                    Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                                      1                                                   2




                                                                                                      3                                                   4
                                                                                                                                                          1 Stylish helm is designed for
                                                                                                                                                          seamless operation 2 In-deck rod
                                                                                                                                                          locker stores 10 rods: (5) 7'0"; (5)
                                                                                                                                                          6'6" 3 Optional splashwell inserts
                                                                                                                                                          offer increased platform area
                                                                                                                                                          4 Ample bow storage for all your
                                                                                                                                                          gear (optional crappie seating layout
                                                                                                                                                          shown) 5 Optional aft flip-up seats
                                                                                                                                                          provide extra passenger room
                                                                                                      5


                                      SPECIFICATIONS
                                                            IPS™ 2      Approximate    Maximum        Transom           Fuel            Livewell           Rod Storage       Seat          Seat
                                      Length     Beam
                                                         Chine Width      Weight         HP            Height           Tank            Systems             Capacity       Pedestals      Bases
                             IFS/SE    17'10"    95"         82"          1450 lbs.          150           25"          32 gal      Bow 33"/16 gal               7'0"        3 solid        6
                                                                                                                                    Aft 40"/18 gal

                                SE     17'10"    95"         82"          1350 lbs.          150           25"          32 gal      Bow 33"/16 gal               7'0"        3 solid        6
                                                                                                                                    Aft 40"/18 gal
       IFS/SE         SE
                                       Storage    Livewell   Baitwell   Seats   Seat Bases     Fuel Tank
     14 | LUND                                                                                                                                                          www.lundboats.com




lu.sp15_ProV_Baron.indd 14                                                                                                                                                                   2/16/15 11:55 AM
                                           Boats may show factory and/
                                           or dealer installed options.
                                           Please see dealer for details.




        1                                            2




        3                                            4
        1 24-gallon 38" livewell for the
        day’s catch 2 New bow offers
        additional room and storage
        3 Integrated aft flip-up seats offer
        additional seating 4 10' starboard
        rod storage (4) 5 Port console
        drawer for all your storage needs

                                                     5


                                                                                                                                                SPECIFICATIONS
                                 IPS™ 2           Approximate               Maximum   Transom      Fuel         Livewell       Rod Storage         Seat         Seat
         Length     Beam
                              Chine Width           Weight                    HP       Height      Tank         Systems         Capacity         Pedestals     Bases
           22'9      102"           89"              2950 lbs.                300       25"        70 gal     Bow 25"/9 gal       8'6"–10'0"      3 solid/       8
                                                                                                              Aft 38"/24 gal                     1 Air Ride




                                                                                                Storage     Livewell   Baitwell     Seats      Seat Bases     Fuel Tank
        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                 Lund | 15




lu.sp15_ProV_Baron.indd 15                                                                                                                                                 2/16/15 11:55 AM
                                                                                                                                    Boat shown with optional Premium graphics.
                                                                                                                           Boats may show factory and/or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                                                                    Please see dealer for details.




          Boat shown with optional Premium graphics.

                                                                                                                      1                                                   2




                                                                                                                      3                                                   4
                                                                                                                                                                          1 Additional port rod storage
                                                                                                                                                                          2 Port console provides protection
                                                                                                                                                                          from the elements and additional
                                                                                                                                                                          storage 3 Aft 15 gal. 37" livewell
                                                                                                                                                                          for ultimate fishability 4 Bow
                                                                                                                                                                          with multiple storage compartments
                                                                                                                                                                          5 Expansive rod storage from
                                                                                                                                                                          8'6"–10'6"
                                                                                                                      5


                                                 SPECIFICATIONS
                                                                            IPS™ 2      Approximate    Maximum        Transom           Fuel            Livewell           Rod Storage      Seat        Seat
                                                  Length         Beam
                                                                         Chine Width      Weight         HP            Height           Tank            Systems             Capacity      Pedestals    Bases
                                                       20'8"     99.5"       87.5"        1920 lbs.          250           25"          50 gal       Aft 37"/15 gal          8'6"–10'6"    3 solid/       5
                                                                                                                                                                                          1 Air Ride




                                                       Storage    Livewell   Baitwell   Seats   Seat Bases     Fuel Tank
     16 | LUND                                                                                                                                                                       www.lundboats.com




lu.sp15_Tyee.indd 16                                                                                                                                                                                      2/16/15 11:59 AM
                                          Boat shown with optional Premium graphics.
                                          Boats may show factory and/or dealer installed options.
                                          Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                                                                                                   Boat shown with optional Special Edition graphics.

        1                                           2




        3                                           4
        1 Integrated flip ski pylon holder
        and top hider 2 Bow battery storage
        for 3 batteries and charger 3 Center
        tackle storage within easy reach of
        passenger and driver consoles
        4 Fully equipped instrumentation
        provides superior control at the
        console 5 Lockable 8'0" center rod
        storage holds 10 rods                       5


                                                                                                                                                   SPECIFICATIONS
                                  IPS™ 2        Approximate           Maximum           Transom        Fuel         Livewell       Rod Storage        Seat         Seat
         Length        Beam
                               Chine Width        Weight                HP               Height        Tank         Systems         Capacity        Pedestals     Bases
           20'8"       99.5"      87.5"            1980 lbs.               250               25"       50 gal     Bow 25"/9 gal       7'6"–8'0"      3 solid/       6
                                                                                                                  Aft 38"/24 gal                    1 Air Ride




                                                                                                    Storage     Livewell   Baitwell    Seats      Seat Bases     Fuel Tank
        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                                                    Lund | 17




lu.sp15_Tyee.indd 17                                                                                                                                                                                           2/16/15 11:59 AM
                                                                                                           Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                             or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                           Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                       1                                         2




                                                                                       3                                         4
                                                                                                                                 1 16-gallon, 31" aft livewell/baitwell to
                                                                                                                                 keep your trophies fresh 2 Ergonomic
                                                                                                                                 helm with full instrumentation keeps
                                                                                                                                 you in command 3 Standard flip-up
                                                                                                                                 seats convert to aft casting platform
                                                                                                                                 4 Lockable in-floor storage for longer
                                                                                                                                 rods and watersport accessories
                                                                                                                                 5 Bow casting platform opens to
                                                                                                                                 reveal massive storage compartments
                                                                                       5


                       SPECIFICATIONS
                                             IPS™ 2      Approximate    Maximum        Transom    Fuel        Livewell           Rod Storage        Seat          Seat
                       Length     Beam
                                          Chine Width      Weight         HP            Height    Tank        Systems             Capacity        Pedestals      Bases
                        20'8"     96"         87"          2500 lbs.          300           25"   50 gal   Bow 21"/8.5 gal          7'6"–8'0"      4 Air Ride       7
                                                                                                            Aft 31"/16 gal




                        Storage    Livewell   Baitwell   Seats   Seat Bases     Fuel Tank
     18 | LUND                                                                                                                              www.lundboats.com




lu.sp15_Tyee.indd 18                                                                                                                                                2/16/15 11:59 AM
                                         Boats may show factory and/
                                         or dealer installed options.
                                         Please see dealer for details.




        1                                          2




        3                                          4
        1 Standard aft flip-up seats convert
        to casting platform 2 A boarding ladder
        provides easy access to the water
        for swimmers 3 Optional cooler storage
        keeps beverages handy 4 Lockable
        in-floor rod storage holds 10 rods:
        (4) 8'0"; (6) 7'6" 5 Bow storage
        compartments for extra gear
                                                   5


                                                                                                                                             SPECIFICATIONS
                                 IPS™ 2         Approximate               Maximum   Transom      Fuel         Livewell       Rod Storage        Seat        Seat
         Length        Beam
                              Chine Width         Weight                    HP       Height      Tank         Systems         Capacity        Pedestals    Bases
           19'1"       98"       86.5"             1600 lbs.                200       25"        40 gal     Bow 25"/9 gal       7'6"–8'0"       3 solid      6        1900
                                                                                                            Aft 38"/24 gal

           18'1"       95"        82"              1400 lbs.                175       25"        27 gal     Bow 25"/9 gal       7'6"–8'0"       3 solid      6        1800
                                                                                                            Aft 38"/24 gal
                                                                                                                                                                             1900   1800
                                                                                              Storage     Livewell   Baitwell    Seats      Seat Bases    Fuel Tank
        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                           Lund | 19




lu.sp15_Tyee.indd 19                                                                                                                                                                 2/16/15 11:59 AM
                                                                                                            Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                              or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                            Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                        1                                         2




                                                                                        3                                         4
                                                                                                                                  1 In-floor storage for rods: (6) 8'0";
                                                                                                                                  (5) 7'6" 2 Optional bow seat
                                                                                                                                  cushions provide more space for
                                                                                                                                  passengers 3 Aft casting platform
                                                                                                                                  offers a choice in seating locations
                                                                                                                                  4 Lockable glove box secures valu-
                                                                                                                                  ables 5 Generous port and starboard
                                                                                                                                  side storage stows away your gear
                                                                                        5


                       SPECIFICATIONS
                                             IPS™ 2       Approximate    Maximum        Transom    Fuel       Livewell            Rod Storage        Seat          Seat
                       Length     Beam
                                          Chine Width       Weight         HP            Height    Tank       Systems              Capacity        Pedestals      Bases
                        18'6"     98"         82.75"        2100 lbs.          200           25"   40 gal   Bow 21"/8.5 gal          6'6"–8'0"      3 Air Ride      7
                                                                                                             Aft 31"/16 gal




                        Storage    Livewell    Baitwell   Seats   Seat Bases     Fuel Tank
     20 | LUND                                                                                                                               www.lundboats.com




lu.sp15_Tyee.indd 20                                                                                                                                                2/16/15 12:00 PM
                                          Boats may show factory and/
                                          or dealer installed options.
                                          Please see dealer for details.




        1                                           2




        3                                           4
        1 Telescoping ladder for easy
        boarding 2 Bow converts from a
        walk-thru into a spacious casting
        platform (optional) 3 Ample side
        storage holds watersports gear
        4 Underseat flip storage for the
        optional ski pylon and optional top
        5 In-floor storage holds skis,
        wakeboards or rods (8'0")                   5


                                                                                                                                              SPECIFICATIONS
                                 IPS™            Approximate               Maximum   Transom      Fuel         Livewell       Rod Storage        Seat        Seat
          Length     Beam
                              Chine Width          Weight                    HP       Height      Tank         Systems         Capacity        Pedestals    Bases
          18'10"      95"           82"             1558 lbs.                175       25"        32 gal     Aft 38"/24 gal      7'0"–8'0"       3 solid      6




                                                                                               Storage     Livewell   Baitwell    Seats      Seat Bases    Fuel Tank
        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                              Lund | 21




lu.sp15_Crossover.indd 21                                                                                                                                               2/16/15 12:02 PM
                                                                                                                Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                                  or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                                Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                            1                                         2




                                                                                            3                                         4
                                                                                                                                      1 Dashboard designed for ultimate
                                                                                                                                      ease 2 Aft seating flips down for
                                                                                                                                      convenience 3 Center rod locker
                                                                                                                                      stores 5 rods 4 Aerated livewell
                                                                                                                                      system preserves your catch
                                                                                                                                      5 Side storage for your Lund team
                                                                                                                                      gear or life vests


                                                                                            5


                            SPECIFICATIONS
                                                  IPS™        Approximate    Maximum        Transom    Fuel       Livewell            Rod Storage       Seat        Seat
                            Length     Beam
                                               Chine Width      Weight         HP            Height    Tank       Systems              Capacity       Pedestals    Bases
                             17'10"    95"         82"          1450 lbs.          150           25"   26 gal   Aft 38"/24 gal           7'0"–8'0"     3 solid       6




                             Storage    Livewell   Baitwell   Seats   Seat Bases     Fuel Tank
     22 | LUND                                                                                                                                   www.lundboats.com




lu.sp15_Crossover.indd 22                                                                                                                                            2/16/15 12:02 PM
                                          Boats may show factory and/
                                          or dealer installed options.
                                          Please see dealer for details.




        1                                           2




        3                                           4
        1 Side storage stows all
        equipment easily 2 Comfortable
        ProRide seating 3 Superior
        windshield provides excellent
        visibility 4 Optional bow cushions
        for added comfort 5 Updated
        console with easy-to-read instru-
        mentation
                                                    5


                                                                                                                                             SPECIFICATIONS
                                IPS™             Approximate               Maximum   Transom      Fuel         Livewell       Rod Storage       Seat        Seat
          Length     Beam
                             Chine Width           Weight                    HP       Height      Tank         Systems         Capacity       Pedestals    Bases
          16'10"      92"         79.5"             1389 lbs.                115       25"        19 gal     Aft 38"/24 gal      7'0"           2 solid      5




                                                                                               Storage     Livewell   Baitwell   Seats      Seat Bases    Fuel Tank
        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                             Lund | 23




lu.sp15_Crossover.indd 23                                                                                                                                               2/16/15 12:03 PM
                                                                                                                                Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                                                  or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                                                Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                                            1                                         2




                                                                                                            3                                         4
                                                                                                                                                      1 Vertical rod storage on transom
                                                                                                                                                      holds five rods 2 Lockable glove box
                                                                                                                                                      secures valuables 3 Bow storage
                                                                                                                                                      dividers organize all types of gear
                                                                                                                                                      4 Cleaning station provides
                                                                                                                                                      on-board fish prep 5 Easy-access
                                                                                                                                                      rod storage with optional SportTrak
                                                                                                                                                      rod holder and side seat with under-
                                                                                                                                                      seat storage
                                                                                                            5


                                            SPECIFICATIONS
                                                                  IPS™ 2      Approximate    Maximum        Transom    Fuel       Livewell            Rod Storage       Seat         Seat
                                            Length     Beam
                                                               Chine Width      Weight         HP            Height    Tank       Systems              Capacity       Pedestals     Bases
                                     2000    20'6"     97"         82.5"        1600 lbs.          225           25"   50 gal     40"/18 gal           11'0"–12'0"      2 solid        7


                                     1800    18'6"     97"         82.5"        1460 lbs.          175           25"   41 gal     40"/18 gal            9'0"–10'0"      2 solid        7

       2000          1800
                                             Storage    Livewell   Baitwell   Seats   Seat Bases     Fuel Tank
     24 | LUND                                                                                                                                                   www.lundboats.com




lu.sp15_SportAngler_Impact.indd 24                                                                                                                                                     2/16/15 12:15 PM
                                           Boat shown with optional Premiumn graphics.
                                           Boats may show factory and/or dealer installed options.
                                           Please see dealer for details.




         1                                           2




         3                                           4
        1 Standard under-console drawers
        (port & starboard) 2 Ergonomic
        helm with integrated electronics
        ensures total control 3 Optional bow
        baitwell 4 Portside storage locker
        for gear or rods up to 8'0" 5 Invite
        more friends with optional aft flip-up
        seating
                                                     5


                                                                                                                                                    SPECIFICATIONS
                                  IPS™ 2         Approximate           Maximum           Transom        Fuel         Livewell      Rod Storage         Seat        Seat
          Length     Beam
                               Chine Width         Weight                HP               Height        Tank         Systems        Capacity         Pedestals    Bases
           20'2"       96"           82"            1750 lbs.               200               25"       50 gal    Bow 33"/16 gal       6'6"–8'0"       4 solid      6
                                                                                                                  Aft 40"/18 gal




                                                                                                     Storage     Livewell   Baitwell    Seats      Seat Bases    Fuel Tank
        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                    Lund | 25




lu.sp15_SportAngler_Impact.indd 25                                                                                                                                             2/16/15 12:16 PM
                                                                                                                                           Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                                                             or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                                                           Please see dealer for details.




           Boat shown with optional Special Edition graphics.

                                                                                                                       1                                         2




                                                                                                                       3                                         4
                                                                                                                                                                 1 Integrated instrumentation
                                                                                                                                                                 provides precise positioning
                                                                                                                                                                 2 Portside storage for gear or rods
                                                                                                                                                                 up to 8'0" 3 In-deck rod storage
                                                                                                                                                                 holds 10 rods: (5) 7'; (5) 6'6"
                                                                                                                                                                 4 Optional 3-step folding ladder
                                                                                                                                                                 adds convenience and safety
                                                                                                                                                                 5 Spacious bow storage transforms
                                                                                                                                                                 into superior casting station
                                                                                                                       5


                                                    SPECIFICATIONS
                                                                            IPS™        Approximate       Maximum      Transom    Fuel       Livewell            Rod Storage        Seat        Seat
                                                     Length      Beam
                                                                         Chine Width      Weight            HP          Height    Tank       Systems              Capacity        Pedestals    Bases
                                                       18'9"     94"         79.5"      Sport 1265 lbs.       150           25"   32 gal   Bow 33"/16 gal           6'6"–8'6"      3 solid        6
                                                                                         SS 1215 lbs.                                      Aft 40"/18 gal



        Sport             SS
                                                       Storage    Livewell   Baitwell   Seats    Seat Bases     Fuel Tank
     26 | LUND                                                                                                                                                              www.lundboats.com




lu.sp15_SportAngler_Impact.indd 26                                                                                                                                                                2/16/15 12:16 PM
                                             Boats may show factory and/
                                             or dealer installed options.
                                             Please see dealer for details.




         1                                             2




         3                                             4
        1 Flip-up aft seating for on-water
        versatility 2 In-console storage with
        built-in cup holders 3 Side rod strap
        for easy access 4 Aft-ladder with
        storage compartment for premium
        water access 5 Ample bow storage
        stows gear with ease

                                                       5


                                                                                                                                                 SPECIFICATIONS
                                  IPS™              Approximate               Maximum   Transom      Fuel         Livewell      Rod Storage         Seat        Seat
          Length     Beam
                               Chine Width            Weight                    HP       Height      Tank         Systems        Capacity         Pedestals    Bases
           18'7"       94"           79.5"             1440 lbs.                150       25"        32 gal    Bow 27"/11 gal       6'6"–8'6"       3 solid      6
                                                                                                               Aft 38"/24 gal




                                                                                                  Storage     Livewell   Baitwell    Seats      Seat Bases    Fuel Tank
        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                 Lund | 27




lu.sp15_SportAngler_Impact.indd 27                                                                                                                                          2/16/15 12:16 PM
                                                                                                                           Boat shown with optional Premium graphics.
                                                                                                                  Boats may show factory and/or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                                                           Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                                             1                                                   2




                                                                                                             3                                                   4
                                                                                                                                                                 1 Cavernous bow storage holds all
                                                                                                                                                                 your gear 2 Optional bow multi-base
                                                                                                                                                                 configuration adds additional bow
                                                                                                                                                                 seating 3 Optional aft flip-up
                                                                                                                                                                 seating accommodates more fishing
                                                                                                                                                                 buddies 4 Fully equipped console
                                                                                                                                                                 puts you in command 5 Optional
                                                                                                                                                                 port console (SS)
                                                                                                             5

                          1775              SPECIFICATIONS
                         Sport
                                                                  IPS™        Approximate       Maximum      Transom           Fuel            Livewell           Rod Storage      Seat        Seat
                                            Length     Beam
                           1775                                Chine Width      Weight            HP          Height           Tank            Systems             Capacity      Pedestals    Bases
                             SS
                                     1775    17'9"     94"         79.5"      Sport 1220 lbs.       125           25"          27 gal      Bow 33"/16 gal           6'6"–8'0"      2 solid       6
                          1675                                                 SS 1170 lbs.                                                Aft 40"/18 gal
                         Sport       1675    16'9"     90"         76"          1175 lbs.           90            20"          19 gal      Bow 33"/16 gal           6'6"–7'6"      2 solid       6
                                                                                                                                           Aft 40"/18 gal
                           1675
                             SS
                                             Storage    Livewell   Baitwell   Seats    Seat Bases     Fuel Tank
     28 | LUND                                                                                                                                                              www.lundboats.com




lu.sp15_SportAngler_Impact.indd 28                                                                                                                                                               2/16/15 12:17 PM
                                         Boat shown with Standard graphics and optional chrome letters.
                                         Boats may show factory and/or dealer installed options.
                                         Please see dealer for details.




        1                                         2




        3                                         4
        1 In-deck rod storage (2075 holds
        15 rods, 1875 holds 10 rods)
        2 Comprehensive control panel
        keeps everything you need close
        at hand 3 Optional stereo with
        2 speakers 4 Starboard locker
        adds storage for 5 additional rods
        5 Deep and plentiful bow storage
                                                  5


                                                                                                                                                      SPECIFICATIONS
                                IPS™ 2         Approximate           Maximum          Transom             Fuel         Livewell      Rod Storage         Seat        Seat
         Length     Beam
                             Chine Width         Weight                HP              Height             Tank         Systems        Capacity         Pedestals    Bases
           20'9"      93"         81"             1500 lbs.              200              25"             42 gal    Bow 27"/11 gal       7'6"–9'6"       3 solid      7        2075
                                                                                                                    Aft 42"/22 gal

          18'10"      93"         81"             1336 lbs.               90              25"             32 gal    Bow 27"/11 gal       7'6"–9'0"       3 solid      7        1875
                                                                                                                    Aft 42"/22 gal
                                                                                                                                                                                      2075   1875
                                                                                                  Storage          Livewell   Baitwell    Seats      Seat Bases    Fuel Tank
        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                                    Lund | 29




lu.sp15_ProGuide.indd 29                                                                                                                                                                       2/16/15 3:23 PM
                                                                                                                            Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                                              or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                                            Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                                        1                                         2




                                                                                                        3                                         4
                                                                                                                                                  1 Generous port storage
                                                                                                                                                  compartment 2 Flip-up cleats for
                                                                                                                                                  added versatility 3 Command
                                                                                                                                                  console features easy-to-read
                                                                                                                                                  instrumentation 4 The split-door
                                                                                                                                                  livewell/baitwell allows for easy
                                                                                                                                                  access 5 Bow storage secures
                                                                                                                                                  sports or angling gear effortlessly
                                                                                                        5


                                         SPECIFICATIONS
                                                               IPS™        Approximate    Maximum       Transom    Fuel       Livewell            Rod Storage        Seat          Seat
                                         Length     Beam
                                                            Chine Width      Weight         HP           Height    Tank       Systems              Capacity        Pedestals      Bases
                                  1775    17'9"     93"         79.5"        1225 lbs.          90           20"   27 gal   Bow 27"/11 gal           7'0"–9'0"       3 solid            6
                                                                                                                            Aft 37"/16 gal

                                  1675    16'9"     90"         76"          1050 lbs.          75           20"   19 gal     37"/16 gal             6'6"–8'6"       2 solid            4

           1775            1675
                                          Storage    Livewell   Baitwell   Seats   Seat Bases    Fuel Tank
     30 | LUND                                                                                                                                               www.lundboats.com




lu.sp15_ProGuide.indd 30                                                                                                                                                                2/16/15 3:23 PM
                                            Boats may show factory and/
                                            or dealer installed options.
                                            Please see dealer for details.




         1                                            2




         3                                            4
         1 Great handling and superior
         instrumentation come standard
         2 Ample port-side rod locker
         can accommodate rods up to 8'
         3 Battery compartment is easily
         accessible 4 Sport model offers
         protection from the elments
         5 Port console with large
         glove-box storage                            5


                                                                                                                                                SPECIFICATIONS
                                     IPS™ 2        Approximate               Maximum   Transom      Fuel         Livewell      Rod Storage         Seat        Seat
          Length      Beam
                                  Chine Width        Weight                    HP       Height      Tank         Systems        Capacity         Pedestals    Bases
            18'1"     84.5"           71"             1050 lbs.                125       20"        19 gal       37"/16 gal        7'0"–8'0"       3 solid      6        Sport


            18'1"     84.5"           71"             1000 lbs.                125       20"        19 gal       37"/16 gal        7'0"–8'0"       3 solid      6        SS

                                                                                                                                                                                 Sport    SS
                                                                                                 Storage     Livewell   Baitwell    Seats      Seat Bases    Fuel Tank
         www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                               Lund | 31




lu.sp15_Rebel_Outfitter.indd 31                                                                                                                                                            2/16/15 3:25 PM
                                                                                                                              Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                                                or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                                              Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                                          1                                         2




                                                                                                          3                                         4
                                                                                                                                                    1 Easy battery access for
                                                                                                                                                    convenience 2 Expansive bow
                                                                                                                                                    storage easily hides life vests or
                                                                                                                                                    sports equipment 3 The command
                                                                                                                                                    console is stereo-ready 4 Side
                                                                                                                                                    storage stows fishing gear easily
                                                                                                                                                    5 Center rod storage houses 5 rods
                                                                                                                                                    up to 7'
                                                                                                          5


                                          SPECIFICATIONS
                                                                IPS™        Approximate    Maximum        Transom    Fuel       Livewell            Rod Storage       Seat         Seat
                                          Length     Beam
                                                             Chine Width      Weight         HP            Height    Tank       Systems              Capacity       Pedestals     Bases
                                  Sport    17'6"     85"         70.5"        1085 lbs.          115           20"   19 gal     34"/14 gal             7'0"–8'6"      3 solid       6


                                    SS     17'6"     85"         70.5"        1035 lbs.          90            20"   19 gal     34"/14 gal             7'0"–8'6"      3 solid       6

          Sport           SS
                                           Storage    Livewell   Baitwell   Seats   Seat Bases     Fuel Tank
      32 | LUND                                                                                                                                                www.lundboats.com




lu.sp15_Rebel_Outfitter.indd 32                                                                                                                                                     2/19/15 11:13 AM
                                            Boats may show factory and/
                                            or dealer installed options.
                                            Please see dealer for details.




         1                                            2




         3                                            4
         1 Large bow offers plenty of casting
         room 2 Lockable side rod storage
         keeps everything safe 3 Optional
         3-step ladder adds safety and
         convenience 4 A large 37"/16-gallon
         bow livewell and optional bait bucket
         keeps bait and catch fresh 5 Oversized
         bow storage doors provide easy access
                                                      5


                                                                                                                                                SPECIFICATIONS
                                     IPS™          Approximate               Maximum   Transom      Fuel         Livewell      Rod Storage         Seat        Seat
          Length      Beam
                                  Chine Width        Weight                    HP       Height      Tank         Systems        Capacity         Pedestals    Bases
            16'6"       84"           71"              960 lbs.                90        20"        19 gal       37"/16 gal        7'0"–8'0"       3 solid      6




                                                                                                 Storage     Livewell   Baitwell    Seats      Seat Bases    Fuel Tank
         www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                               Lund | 33




lu.sp15_Rebel_Outfitter.indd 33                                                                                                                                            2/19/15 11:13 AM
                                                                                                                              Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                                                or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                                              Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                                          1                                         2




                                                                                                          3                                         4
                                                                                                                                                    1 Optional aft flip-up seating
                                                                                                                                                    provides extra passenger room
                                                                                                                                                    2 Passenger console includes glove
                                                                                                                                                    box to secure valuables 3 Storage
                                                                                                                                                    compartments maximize under-bow
                                                                                                                                                    space 4 Aerated livewell/baitwell
                                                                                                                                                    holds up to 16 gallons (bait bucket
                                                                                                                                                    optional) 5 Comfortable seating
                                                                                                                                                    built for hours on the water
                                                                                                          5


                                           SPECIFICATIONS
                                                                 IPS™        Approximate    Maximum       Transom    Fuel       Livewell            Rod Storage       Seat         Seat
                                           Length     Beam
                                                              Chine Width      Weight         HP           Height    Tank       Systems              Capacity       Pedestals     Bases
                                  Sport     16'6"     84"         71"          1000 lbs.          90           20"   19 gal     37"/16 gal             7'0"–8'0"      3 solid        6


                                  Tiller    16'6"     84"         71"           910 lbs.          60           20"   19 gal     37"/16 gal             7'0"–8'0"      3 solid        4

          Sport         Tiller
                                            Storage    Livewell   Baitwell   Seats   Seat Bases    Fuel Tank
      34 | LUND                                                                                                                                                www.lundboats.com




lu.sp15_Rebel_Outfitter.indd 34                                                                                                                                                      2/19/15 11:13 AM
                                             Boats may show factory and/
                                             or dealer installed options.
                                             Please see dealer for details.




         1                                             2




         3                                             4
         1 Deep, pass-through bow storage
         eliminates clutter 2 Aerated
         22-gallon bow livewell keeps fish
         fresh 3 Side rod holders add
         convenience and accessibility
         4 Removable bow boxes simplify
         loading and unloading 5 Port
         and starboard rear-side storage
         frees up space                                5


                                                                                                                                               SPECIFICATIONS
                                     IPS™           Approximate               Maximum   Transom      Fuel         Livewell      Rod Storage       Seat        Seat
          Length      Beam
                                  Chine Width         Weight                    HP       Height      Tank         Systems        Capacity       Pedestals    Bases
            17'7"       77"         61.25"              805 lbs.                60        20"        19 gal       41"/22 gal        7'0"          3 solid      4




                                                                                                  Storage     Livewell   Baitwell   Seats     Seat Bases    Fuel Tank
         www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                              Lund | 35




lu.sp15_Rebel_Outfitter.indd 35                                                                                                                                           2/16/15 3:26 PM
                                                                                                                                   Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                                                     or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                                                   Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                                               1                                         2




                                                                                                               3                                         4
                                                                                                                                                         1 Port console provides protection
                                                                                                                                                         and comfort from the elements
                                                                                                                                                         2 13-gallon port livewell with bait-
                                                                                                                                                         well (1800/1600 shown) 3 Side
                                                                                                                                                         storage helps keep necessities handy
                                                                                                                                                         4 Deep bow provides safety and
                                                                                                                                                         comfort (1600/1800 shown)
                                                                                                                                                         5 Functional command console
                                                                                                                                                         makes for easy operation
                                                                                                               5


                                               SPECIFICATIONS
                                                                     IPS™        Approximate    Maximum        Transom    Fuel       Livewell            Rod Storage        Seat        Seat
                                               Length     Beam
                                                                  Chine Width      Weight         HP            Height    Tank       Systems              Capacity        Pedestals    Bases
           2000 DC 2000 SS           2000 DC     20'6"    90.5"        76"         1275 lbs.          125           25"   27 gal     40"/18 gal                 8'6"        3 solid       5
                                     2000 SS     20'6"    90.5"        76"         1200 lbs.          125           25"   27 gal     40"/18 gal                 8'6"        3 solid       5
                                     1800 DC     18'9"     83"        69.5"        1105 lbs.           90           20"   19 gal     46"/13 gal                 9'0"        2 solid       5
                                     1800 SS     18'9"     83"        69.5"        1030 lbs.           90           20"   19 gal     46"/13 gal                 9'0"        2 solid       5
                                     1600 SS    16'10"     81"        69.5"         915 lbs.           75           20"   19 gal     46"/13 gal                 7'0"        2 solid       4
       1800 DC   1800 SS   1600 SS              Storage    Livewell   Baitwell   Seats   Seat Bases     Fuel Tank
     36 | LUND                                                                                                                                                         www.lundboats.com




lu.sp15_Alaskan.indd 36                                                                                                                                                                    2/16/15 3:32 PM
                                         Boats may show factory and/
                                         or dealer installed options.
                                         Please see dealer for details.




        1                                          2




        3                                          4
        1 Bow battery storage is conve-
        niently accessible 2 Port storage
        offers a generous amount of space
        for all your gear 3 Tan seat is
        standard when you choose fall marsh
        or wetlands exterior color 4 Handy
        side storage allows quick access
        to items 5 Spacious port livewell
        keeps your day's catch fresh               5


                                                                                                                                           SPECIFICATIONS
                                IPS™            Approximate               Maximum   Transom      Fuel         Livewell      Rod Storage       Seat        Seat
          Length     Beam
                             Chine Width          Weight                    HP       Height      Tank         Systems        Capacity       Pedestals    Bases                2000

           20'6"     90.5"        76"              1105 lbs.                125       20"        27 gal       40"/18 gal        8'6"          3 solid      4        2000
                                                                                                                                                                               1800
           18'9"      83"        69.5"              975 lbs.                75        20"        19 gal       46"/13 gal        9'0"          2 solid      4        1800

          16'10"      81"        69.5"              860 lbs.                60        20"        19 gal       46"/13 gal        7'0"          2 solid      3        1600
                                                                                                                                                                               1600
                                                                                              Storage     Livewell   Baitwell   Seats     Seat Bases    Fuel Tank
        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                  Lund | 37




lu.sp15_Alaskan.indd 37                                                                                                                                                      2/16/15 3:32 PM
                                                                                                          Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                            or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                          Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                      1                                         2




                                                                                      3                                         4
                                                                                                                                1 Side console with optional gauges
                                                                                                                                2 Aft raised casting platform with
                                                                                                                                seat base 3 Deep bow storage and a
                                                                                                                                16-gallon livewell keep everything in
                                                                                                                                reach 4 Ergonomic seating provides
                                                                                                                                all-day comfort 5 12-gallon portable
                                                                                                                                fuel tank fits in a concealed storage
                                                                                                                                compartment
                                                                                      5


                       SPECIFICATIONS
                                             IPS™        Approximate    Maximum       Transom    Fuel       Livewell            Rod Storage        Seat         Seat
                       Length     Beam
                                          Chine Width      Weight         HP           Height    Tank       Systems              Capacity        Pedestals     Bases
                        16'3"     80"         69.5"         862 lbs.          60           20"   12 gal     37"/16 gal                 8'0"        2 solid        6




                        Storage    Livewell   Baitwell   Seats   Seat Bases    Fuel Tank
     38 | LUND                                                                                                                                www.lundboats.com




lu.sp15_Fury.indd 38                                                                                                                                               2/16/15 3:34 PM
                                           Boats may show factory and/
                                           or dealer installed options.
                                           Please see dealer for details.




         1                                           2




         3                                           4
        1 Optional aft flip-up seating offers
        additional passenger room and
        casting area 2 Sport windshield
        and console protect you from the
        elements and offer plenty of angling
        room 3 In-floor rod storage for rods
        up to 8'0" 4 Optional sport top pro-
        tects from the elements (Sport only)
        5 Spacious bow offers expansive              5
        fishing mobility



                                                                                                                                             SPECIFICATIONS
                                 IPS™             Approximate               Maximum   Transom      Fuel         Livewell      Rod Storage       Seat        Seat
          Length       Beam
                              Chine Width           Weight                    HP       Height      Tank         Systems        Capacity       Pedestals    Bases
           16'3"       80"         69.5"              902 lbs.                60        20"        12 gal       37"/16 gal        8'0"          2 solid      6        Sport


           16'3"       80"         69.5"              812 lbs.                50        20"        12 gal       37"/16 gal        8'0"          2 solid      4        Tiller

                                                                                                                                                                               Sport   Tiller
                                                                                                Storage     Livewell   Baitwell   Seats     Seat Bases    Fuel Tank
        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                              Lund | 39




lu.sp15_Fury.indd 39                                                                                                                                                                      2/16/15 3:34 PM
                                                                                                                          Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                                            or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                                          Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                                        1                                       2




                                                                                                        3                                       4
                                                                                                                                                1 Optional flip hider keeps
                                                                                                                                                fuel tank and battery out of sight
                                                                                                                                                2 Bow compartments reveal
                                                                                                                                                generous storage space 3 Four
                                                                                                                                                durable cleats line the gunnel
                                                                                                                                                4 Two-level stepped port rod locker
                                                                                                                                                (7'6") 5 SS starboard console
                                                                                                                                                with optional windshield
                                                                                                        5


                                         SPECIFICATIONS
                                                               IPS™        Approximate    Maximum       Transom    Fuel     Livewell            Rod Storage        Seat        Seat
                                         Length     Beam
                                                            Chine Width      Weight         HP           Height    Tank     Systems              Capacity        Pedestals    Bases
                                  SS      16'2"     73.5"       56"           565 lbs.          40           20"    —       35"/11 gal                 7'6"        2 solid       4


                                Tiller    16'2"     73.5"       56"           520 lbs.          40           20"    —       35"/11 gal                 7'6"        2 solid       3

            SS         Tiller
                                          Storage    Livewell   Baitwell   Seats   Seat Bases    Fuel Tank
     40 | LUND                                                                                                                                                www.lundboats.com




lu.sp15_Fury.indd 40                                                                                                                                                              2/16/15 3:35 PM
                                         Boats may show factory and/
                                         or dealer installed options.
                                         Please see dealer for details.




         1                                         2




         3                                         4
        1 Portside stepped rod locker
        holds rods up to 7'0" 2 SS Console
        with optional windshield 3 Large
        pass through bow compartments
        4 Large 35"/ 11-gallon aerated
        livewell 5 Four durable cleats line
        the gunnel

                                                   5


                                                                                                                                         SPECIFICATIONS
                                  IPS™          Approximate               Maximum   Transom      Fuel       Livewell      Rod Storage       Seat        Seat
          Length       Beam
                               Chine Width        Weight                    HP       Height      Tank       Systems        Capacity       Pedestals    Bases
           14'9"       69.5"       56"              545 lbs.                30        20"          —        35"/11 gal        7'0"          2 solid      3        SS


           14'9"       69.5"       56"              500 lbs.                30        20"          —        35"/11 gal        7'0"          2 solid      3        Tiller

                                                                                                                                                                           SS   Tiller
                                                                                              Storage   Livewell   Baitwell   Seats     Seat Bases    Fuel Tank
        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                       Lund | 41




lu.sp15_Fury.indd 41                                                                                                                                                               2/16/15 3:35 PM
                                                                                                                    Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                                      or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                                    Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                                  1                                       2




                                                                                                  3                                       4
                                                                                                                                          1 Optional SS console allows for
                                                                                                                                          enhanced steering wheel control
                                                                                                                                          2 Optional raised bow storage packs
                                                                                                                                          it all in 3 Optional drop-in floor
                                                                                                                                          creates more casting room 4 Aft
                                                                                                                                          battery and fuel tank storage are
                                                                                                                                          easily accessible 5 Optional port
                                                                                                                                          console maximizes cockpit comfort
                                                                                                                                          (SSV 18 only)
                                                                                                  5


                                   SPECIFICATIONS
                                                         IPS™        Approximate     Maximum      Transom    Fuel     Livewell            Rod Storage         Seat              Seat
                         18        Length     Beam
                                                      Chine Width      Weight          HP          Height    Tank     Systems              Capacity         Pedestals          Bases
                              18    18'4"     76"         57"           460 lbs.          60           20"    —            —                         —      2 cross, 4 split    —
                         16
                              16    16'2"     72"         55.5"       340/350 lbs.        40       15"/20"    —            —                         —      2 cross, 4 split    —

                              14    14'2"     70"         55.5"       285/295 lbs.        35       15"/20"    —            —                         —      2 cross, 4 split    —
                         14
                                    Storage    Livewell   Baitwell   Seats   Seat Bases    Fuel Tank
     42 | LUND                                                                                                                                           www.lundboats.com




lu.sp15_SSV_WC.indd 42                                                                                                                                                           2/16/15 3:37 PM
                                      Boats may show factory and/
                                      or dealer installed options.
                                      Please see dealer for details.




        1                                       2




        3                                       4
       1 Simple but refined tiller
       control area 2 Heavy-duty bow and
       corner castings withstand hard use
       3 Heavy-duty aluminum motor plate
       4 Heavy-duty aft grab handle
       5 Oarlocks and durable gunnels
       can take a pounding

                                                5


                                                                                                                                          SPECIFICATIONS
                              IPS™           Approximate               Maximum   Transom      Fuel       Livewell          Rod Storage       Seat              Seat
         Length    Beam
                           Chine Width         Weight                    HP       Height      Tank       Systems            Capacity       Pedestals          Bases                  16
          16'2"     72"          —            325/335 lbs.               25      15"/20"        —               —               —         3 cross, 2 split      —        16

          14'6"     69"          —            285/295 lbs.               25      15"/20"        —               —               —         2 cross, 2 split      —        14          14

          12'1"     61"          —               205 lbs.                15        15"          —               —               —         2 cross, 2 split      —        12
                                                                                                                                                                                     12
                                                                                           Storage   Livewell       Baitwell   Seats     Seat Bases          Fuel Tank
       www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                      Lund | 43




lu.sp15_SSV_WC.indd 43                                                                                                                                                          2/19/15 11:16 AM
                                                                                                                        Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                                          or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                                        Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                                      1                                       2




                                                                                                      3                                       4
                                                                                                                                              1 Heavy-duty corner castings
                                                                                                                                              enhance structural durability
                                                                                                                                              2 Extruded aluminum motor plates
                                                                                                                                              add toughness 3 Solid oarlocks
                                                                                                                                              and durable gunnels outlast heavy
                                                                                                                                              use 4 Aluminum bench seats
                                                                                                                                              provide ample passenger room
                                                                                                                                              5 Rugged bow corner castings
                                                                                                                                              strengthen the hull
                                                                                                      5


                                       SPECIFICATIONS
                        C-16
                                                             IPS™        Approximate     Maximum      Transom    Fuel     Livewell            Rod Storage         Seat       Seat
                                       Length     Beam
                                                          Chine Width      Weight          HP          Height    Tank     Systems              Capacity         Pedestals   Bases
                     WD-14      C-16    16'2"     66"          —            250 lbs.          25           15"    —            —                         —       4 cross     —
                               WD-14    14'6"     69"          —          230/240 lbs.        25       15"/20"    —            —                         —       3 cross     —
                        A-14
                                A-14    14'1"     61"          —            194 lbs.          15           15"    —            —                         —       3 cross     —
                                A-12    12'1"     60"          —            164 lbs.          10           15"    —            —                         —       3 cross     —
                        A-12
                                        Storage    Livewell   Baitwell   Seats   Seat Bases    Fuel Tank
     44 | LUND                                                                                                                                               www.lundboats.com




lu.sp15_A_C_WD_Jon.indd 44                                                                                                                                                    2/16/15 3:38 PM
                                      Boats may show factory and/
                                      or dealer installed options.
                                      Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                                                                                                       SPECIFICATIONS
                             Bottom    Side        Transom                               Maximum            Maximum           Approximate         Maximum              Maximum   Hull
         Length    Beam                                                Ribs   Seats
                             Width    Depth         Height                            Person Capacity     Person Weight         Weight          Weight Capacity          HP      Gage
          18'0"      75"      52"        21"           20"             10      4            6                 815 lbs.          475 lbs.            1375 lbs.            45      0.072"    1852MT
         15'10"      70"      48"        21"         15"/20"            9      3            4                 555 lbs.          420 lbs.                973 lbs.         35      0.072"    1648M
         15'10"      70"      48"        21"         15"/20"            9      3            4                 555 lbs.          420 lbs.                973 lbs.         35      0.072"    1648
          14'0"      70"      48"        21"         15"/20"            7      3            4                 500 lbs.          365 lbs.                825 lbs.         25      0.072"    1448M
          14'0"      70"      48"        21"         15"/20"            7      3            4                 500 lbs.          365 lbs.                825 lbs.         25      0.072"    1448
          14'0"      57"      36"        17"           15"              8      3            3                 350 lbs.          145 lbs.                552 lbs.         15      0.050"    1436L
         11'11"      56"      36"        17"           15"              6      3            3                 325 lbs.          140 lbs.                527 lbs.         10      0.050"    1236
         11'10"      48"      32"        16"           15"              3      3            2                 295 lbs.          90 lbs.                 335 lbs.          3      0.050"    1232
          10'0"      48"      32"        16"           15"              2      3            2                 180 lbs.          80 lbs.                 275 lbs.          3      0.050"    1032
                                                                                            Storage     Livewell   Baitwell    Seats       Seat Bases      Fuel Tank
       www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                                  Lund | 45




lu.sp15_A_C_WD_Jon.indd 45                                                                                                                                                                  2/16/15 3:39 PM
           SportTrak™
     SportTrak™ accessories system
     Attach a variety of accessories like rod holders, cup holders and even electronics to your Lund without drilling holes in your boat. Heavy-duty
     SportTrak™ brackets mount securely along patented SportTrak™ gunnels so you can position gear just about anywhere. Available on Pro-V, Baron,
     Tyee, Sport Angler, Explorer, Impact, Pro Guide, Rebel XL, Outfitter and Alaskan models.




      Bumper button & strap (bumper not included)     Rod holder with optional extension                    Downrigger bracket for angled SportTrak (available
                                                                                                            on most aluminum models)




      Cup holders                                     Downrigger bracket mount (Pro-V and Crossover only)   Rod bracket (Sport Angler only)




      Drink holder                                    Tool holder (tools not included)                      Tackle bag (does not include plastic Plano boxes)


     46 | LUND                                                                                                                         www.lundboats.com




lu.sp15_options_access.indd 46                                                                                                                              2/16/15 3:40 PM
                                      Options & Accessories
        Trailers




         Standard Roller trailer         Tandem Standard Roller trailer




         Standard Bunk trailer




         Tandem Custom Bunk trailer


        www.lundboats.com                                                 LUND | 47




lu.sp15_options_access.indd 47                                               2/16/15 3:40 PM
           Options & Accessories
     Top Sets
     High-quality materials, easy-to-use designs and attention to detail distinguish Lund top sets.*




     Complete top set (1800 Tyee shown—style will vary by model. Eisenglass available   Optional sport top (Sport models only)
     on 2075 Tyee/2150 Baron only.)
     *Full canvas enclosure should be used only when boat is anchored or at rest.




     Bimini top                                                                         Premium sport top




     Optional Decal Packages
     Lund’s optional camouflage designs cover the interior and exterior surfaces for ultimate performance.




     Lund Wetlands® camouflage exterior (available on Alaskan)                          Lund Fall Marsh color option (available on select models)


     48 | LUND                                                                                                                                www.lundboats.com




lu.sp15_options_access.indd 48                                                                                                                              2/16/15 3:40 PM
                                                                             Options & Accessories




                Pilot                                                       Captain         Standard                                               ProRide




         Pilot & Captain chair                                                           Standard & ProRide seat




         Aft flip-up seat (1875/1775 Pro-V, Impact, Rebel XL)   Bike seat                                          Bow multi-base




        Bow cushions (Crossover)                                Bow cushions (1900/1800 Tyee)                      Under console drawer (Pro-V and Impact, except
                                                                                                                   Impact XS)

        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                  LUND | 49




lu.sp15_options_access.indd 49                                                                                                                                 2/16/15 3:41 PM
           Options & Accessories




     Infinity® AM/FM/MP3 with Bluetooth®     Tilt steering (see dealer for specific model availability)   Ski pylon (Tyee, Crossover, Impact XS, Rebel XS)




     Splash pan inserts (Pro-V and Impact)   Bow rock guard                                               Mooring cover




      Travel cover                                                          Premium travel cover (Pro-V, Baron, Tyee, Crossover)




     50 | LUND                                                                                                                       www.lundboats.com




lu.sp15_options_access.indd 50                                                                                                                           2/19/15 11:18 AM
                                                                Options & Accessories




         1-step boarding ladder                 3-step boarding ladder        Ample bow storage




         Recreation charger                     Professional 3-bank charger   SmartCraft™ gauges




         Washdown system (Sport Angler shown)   Bow baitwell                  Starboard rod tubes (Impact shown)




         Snap-in carpet                         Bow cargo net                 4-speaker option (1900/1800 Tyee and Crossover)


        www.lundboats.com                                                                                             LUND | 51




lu.sp15_options_access.indd 51                                                                                           2/16/15 3:41 PM
           Aluminum Colors




                                                                                                                  Impact & Impact XS




                                                                                                                                                           Rebel XL & Rebel XS




                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Fury XL & Fury
                                                                                                   Sport Angler
                                                                                    Crossover




                                                                                                                                               Pro Guide




                                                                                                                                                                                       Outfitter


                                                                                                                                                                                                   Alaskan
     ✓    Standard Color


                                                             Baron
                                                Pro-V




                                                                       Tyee
     l    Optional Color




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     SSV




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Jon
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             WD
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               WC




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    C
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            A
            Freeboard colors

                            Lund Red            ✓            ✓          ✓            l              ✓               ✓                           ✓             ✓                         ✓           ✓              ✓                 —         —            —       —         —        —

                         Arctic White           ✓            ✓          ✓            l              ✓               ✓                           ✓              l                        ✓           ✓               l                 l         l           —       —         —        —

                          Cobalt Blue           ✓            ✓          ✓            l              ✓               ✓                           ✓             ✓                         ✓           ✓              ✓                  l         l           —       —         —        —

                         Grey Granite           ✓            ✓          ✓            l              ✓               ✓                           ✓             ✓                        —            ✓              ✓                 —         —            —       —         —        —

                   Wilderness Green             ✓            ✓          ✓            l              ✓               ✓                           ✓              l                       —            ✓               l                 l         l           —       —         —        —

                         Wildfire Red           —            —         —            —              —               —                           —            —                          —           —              —                   ✓         ✓           —       —         —        —

                                  Black         ✓            ✓          ✓            l              ✓               ✓                           ✓             ✓                         ✓           ✓              ✓                  ✓         ✓           —       —         ✓        —

                    Olive Drab Green            —            —         —            —              —               —                           —            —                          —           —              —                  —         —            —       —         —        ✓

                    Lund Fall Marsh             —            —         —            —              —               —                           —            —                           l           l        l Fury                   l         l           l       l         —        —

                    hull Colors

                          Silverstone           ✓            ✓          ✓            l              ✓               ✓                           ✓              l                       —           —             l XL                —         —            —       —         —        —

                           Aluminum             —            —         —            —              —               —                           —            —                           ✓           ✓        ✓ Fury                   ✓         ✓           ✓       ✓         ✓        —

                          Artic White           —            —         —             l             —               —                           —            —                          —           —              —                  —         —            —       —         —        —

                            Lund Red            —            —         —             l             —               —                           —              ✓                        —           —             ✓ XL                —         —            —       —         —        —

                                  Black         —            —         —             l             —               —                           —              ✓                        —           —              —                  —         —            —       —         —        —

                          Satin Beige           —            ✓          ✓            l             —               —                           —            —                          —           —              —                  —         —            —       —         —        —

                 interior Colors

                                 Bronze         —            ✓          ✓            ✓             —               —                           —            —                          —           —              —                  —         —            —       —         —        —

                                   Ash          ✓            ✓          ✓            ✓              ✓               ✓                           ✓             ✓                        —           —               ✓                 —         —            —       —         —        —

                                   Grey         —            —         —            —              —               —                           —            —                           ✓           ✓              ✓                  ✓         ✓           ✓       ✓         ✓        —

                 decal packages

                     Lund Wetlands®             —            —         —            —              —               —                           —            —                          —            l             —                  —         —            —       —         —        —


     Exterior options

                                                                                                                                        wilderness                                                                                     olive                                  aluminum
      lund red          arctic white           cobalt blue           grey granite               satin beige                             green                                    wildfire red            black                         drab green           silverstone       hull

     Interior options                                                                                                                                                                                                             hunting options

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Fall Marsh &
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Fall Marsh                       Wetlands seating
      bronze                                            ash                                                                            grey fleck

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Fall Marsh &
      carpet            vinyl          seats            carpet                vinyl               seats                                vinyl                                       seats                                          Wetlands® exterior only          Wetlands flooring

     52 | LUND                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  www.lundboats.com




lu.sp15_options_access.indd 52                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           2/16/15 3:41 PM
                                                        Fiberglass Features & Options
                  Fiberglass Colors



                  Red polyflake/White gelcoat




                  Black polyflake/White gelcoat
                                                        Optional full canvas *Full canvas enclosure should be   Optional sport top
                                                        used only when boat is anchored or at rest.




                  Gunmetal polyflake/White gelcoat




                  Gunmetal polyflake/Silver polyflake
                                                        Optional ski pylon                                      Port console




                  Black polyflake/Gunmetal polyflake




                  Red polyflake/Gunmetal polyflake
                                                        Aft storage pod (219 & 202 Pro-V GL only)               Snap-in carpet




                  Blue polyflake/Gunmetal polyflake




                  Black polyflake/Silver polyflake
                                                        Standard fiberglass trailer                             Tandem fiberglass trailer with
                                                                                                                stainless fender option


        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                        LUND | 53




lu.sp15_options_access.indd 53                                                                                                                      2/16/15 3:41 PM
           Standard & Optional Equipment



                                                                                   (219, 208 Tiller, 202, 186)
                                                 (2075, 1975, 1875, 1775)




                                                                                                                                                                                                      Impact & Impact XS




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Rebel XL & Rebel XS




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            SSV, WC, A, C, WD
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Fury XL & Fury
                                                                                                                                2075, 1900, 1800)




                                                                                                                                                                                       Sport Angler
                                                                                                                                (2075 Magnum,




                                                                                                                                                                           Crossover




                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Pro Guide




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Outfitter
                                                                            Pro V GL




                                                                                                                                                    Tyee GL
                                                                                                                                                              (208, 186)




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Alaskan
                                                                                                                 Baron
                                             Pro V




                                                                                                                         Tyee
                              Fishing

                         Aft baitwell           ✓                                ✓                               —              —                        ✓                 —            —              —                     ✓              —                    —             —            —                —

                                                                                                                         ✓ 2075
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        ✓ XL Sport
                Aft casting platform            ✓                                ✓                                ✓      ✓ 1900                          ✓                  ✓           —                ✓                   —                ✓                  —             —                             —
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        ✓ XL SS
                                                                                                                         ✓ 1800

                                            l 1875                                                                                                                                                                                      l XL Sport                                      l XL Sport
                     Aft flip-up seats                                          —                                 ✓             ✓                        ✓                  ✓           —                 l                  —                                   —             —                             —
                                            l 1775                                                                                                                                                                                      l XL SS                                         l XL SS

                                            ✓ 2075
       Built-in tackle compartment                                          ✓ 208                                 ✓             —                       —                  —            —              —                   ✓ 1675           —                    —             —            —                —
                                            ✓ 1975

                Downrigger brackets             l                               —                                 l             l                       —                    l            l               l                   l                l                   l           l          l XL               —

                                Livewell        ✓                                ✓                                ✓             ✓                        ✓                  ✓            ✓               ✓                   ✓                ✓                   ✓            ✓             ✓               —

       Furniture & Flooring

                          Aft storage           ✓                                ✓                                ✓             ✓                        ✓                  ✓            ✓               ✓                   ✓                ✓                  —           ✓ 2000       ✓ XL               —

                               Bike seat        l                                l                                l             l                        l                   l            l               l                   l                l                   l           l              l              —

                                            ✓ 2075
                                                                                                                         ✓ 2075
                                            ✓ 1975                                                                                                                                                                         ✓ 2075                                                                            —
                     Bow cargo nets                                             —                                 ✓      ✓ 1900                         —                  —            —                 l                                 —                    —             —            —
                                            l 1875                                                                                                                                                                         ✓ 1875
                                                                                                                         ✓ 1800
                                            l 1775

                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ✓ 2075
                     Bow multi base             l                               —                                —              —                       —                  —            —                 l                                    l                 —           l 2000         —                —
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           l 1875

                       Captain chair            l                                l                                l             l                        l                   l            l            —                   l 2075           —                    —             —            —                —

                                                                                                                                                                                                                           l 2075
                              Pilot chair       l                                l                                l             l                        l                   l            l               l                                 —                    —             —            —                —
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           l 1875

                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ✓ 2075
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ✓ 1875
                       ProRide seats            ✓                                ✓                                ✓             ✓                        ✓                  ✓             l               l                                    l                   l           l              l              —
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           l 1775
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           l 1675

               Solid seat, pedestals
                                            ✓ 1775                              —                                 ✓             ✓                       —                   ✓            ✓               ✓                   ✓                ✓                   ✓            ✓             ✓               —
                          and bases

                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ✓ 1775
                      Standard seats            l                               —                                 l             l                       —                    l           ✓               ✓                                    ✓                   ✓            ✓             ✓               —
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ✓ 1675

                    Convenience

                                            ✓ 2075                                                                       ✓ 2075
                  AirRide pedestals,        ✓ 1975                          ✓ 208                                           Mag.
                                                                                                                  ✓                                 l 208                    l            l               l                   l                l                   l           l              l              —
                           mainstay         ✓ 1875                          l 186                                        l 1900
                                            l 1775                                                                       l 1800




     54 | LUND                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 www.lundboats.com




lu.sp15_equip_specs.indd 54                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       2/19/15 11:33 AM
                                            Standard & Optional Equipment




                                                                                   (219, 208 Tiller, 202, 186)
                                                 (2075, 1975, 1875, 1775)




                                                                                                                                                                                                        Impact & Impact XS




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Rebel XL & Rebel XS




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              SSV, WC, A, C, WD
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Fury XL & Fury
                                                                                                                                 2075, 1900, 1800)




                                                                                                                                                                                        Sport Angler
                                                                                                                                 (2075 Magnum,




                                                                                                                                                                            Crossover




                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Pro Guide




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Outfitter
                                                                            Pro V GL




                                                                                                                                                     Tyee GL
                                                                                                                                                               (208, 186)




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Alaskan
        ✓    Standard Feature




                                                                                                                  Baron
                                             Pro V




                                                                                                                          Tyee
        l    Optional Equipment


                                            ✓ 2075                                                                        N/A Mag.
                                            ✓ 1975                                                                        ✓ 2075
                        Boarding ladder                                         —                                  l                                      ✓                  ✓             l                l                  l             l                   l            l              l                 —
                                            l 1875                                                                        ✓ 1900
                                            l 1775                                                                        ✓ 1800

                                                                                                                          l 2075
                              Bow cushion      —                                —                                  l      l 1900                          l                   l          —               —                   —            —                    —             —             —                   —
                                                                                                                          l 1800

                                            ✓ 2075
                                            ✓ 1975
            Bow panel with trim switch                                           ✓                                —              —                        ✓                 —            —               —                   —            —                    —             —             —                   —
                                            l 1875
                                            l 1775

                        Bow rock guard          l                               —                                  l             l                       —                    l            l                l                  l             l                 —              l          l XL                  —

                    Bow stem protector         —                                —                                 —              —                       —                  —              l             —                   —            —                      l            l            —                   —

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ✓ SSV-18
                              Bow storage       ✓                                ✓                                 ✓             ✓                        ✓                  ✓            ✓                ✓                  ✓             ✓                   ✓             ✓             ✓
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ✓ SSV-16

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           l 1800                          l SSV-14
                        CE certification    l 1975                              —                                 —              —                       —                  —            —                  l                  l             l                 —           l 1600           l             l WC-16
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             SS                            l WC-14

                          Cockpit cover         l                               —                                  l             l                       —                    l            l                l                  l             l                   l              l        l XL                  —

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       ✓ XL Sport
                       Driver seat slider       l                                ✓                                 l             ✓                        ✓                  ✓             l                l                  l             l                 —              —                                —
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       ✓ XL SS

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ✓ 1800
                          Grab handles          ✓                                ✓                                 ✓             ✓                        ✓                  ✓            ✓            ✓ 2025                 ✓           —                    —           ✓1 600          ✓                  —
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Tiller

                           Heavy-duty
                                               —                                —                                 —              —                       —                  —             ✓                ✓                  ✓             ✓                   ✓             ✓          ✓ XL                  —
                    gunwale extrusions

              Interchangeable aerator/
                                                ✓                                ✓                                 ✓             ✓                        ✓                  ✓            ✓                ✓                  ✓             ✓                   ✓             ✓             ✓                  —
                      bilge cartridges

                                                                                                                          ✓ 2075
                                 ProDeck       —                                —                                  ✓      ✓ 1900                         —                    l          —               —                   —            —                    —             —             —                   —
                                                                                                                          ✓ 1800

                    Recessed ring deck
                                                ✓                               —                                 —              —                       —                  —            —               —                   —            —                    —             —             —                   —
                          and controls

              Self-draining splash pan          ✓                                ✓                                 ✓             ✓                        ✓                  ✓            ✓                ✓                  ✓             ✓                   ✓             ✓             ✓                  —

                         Snap-in carpet         l                                l                                 l             l                        l                   l          —                  l                —            —                    —             —             —                   —

                                                                                                                          ✓ 1900
                        Solid pedestals     ✓ 1775                              —                                ✓ (3)                               ✓ 186                   ✓            ✓                ✓                  ✓             ✓                   ✓             ✓             ✓                  —
                                                                                                                          ✓ 1800




        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  LUND | 55




lu.sp15_equip_specs.indd 55                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  2/19/15 11:33 AM
           Standard & Optional Equipment



                                                                                (219, 208 Tiller, 202, 186)
                                              (2075, 1975, 1875, 1775)




                                                                                                                                                                                                     Impact & Impact XS




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Rebel XL & Rebel XS




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              SSV, WC, A, C, WD
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Fury XL & Fury
                                                                                                                             2075, 1900, 1800)




                                                                                                                                                                                    Sport Angler
                                                                                                                             (2075 Magnum,




                                                                                                                                                                        Crossover




                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Pro Guide




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Outfitter
                                                                         Pro V GL




                                                                                                                                                 Tyee GL
                                                                                                                                                           (208, 186)




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Alaskan
                                                                                                              Baron
                                          Pro V




                                                                                                                      Tyee
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              —
            Stainless steel bow rails    l IFS                              —                                 ✓              ✓                        ✓                 —           —                 —                      —               —                    —            —            —


          Traditional-style ring deck    l 2075
                                                                            —                                 —              —                       —                  —           —                 —                      —               —                    —            —            —                 —
                    and side panels      l 1975

       Twin-plating bow to midship          ✓                               —                                 ✓              ✓                       —                   ✓           ✓                 ✓                      ✓                ✓                   ✓           —            —                 —

                  Washdown system            l                                l                               —       l 2075                         —                  —            ✓             l 2025                 l 2075             —                    —            —            —                 —

                    Electronics

               Auto-style fuse panel
                                            ✓                               —                                 ✓              ✓                       —                   ✓           ✓                —                      —               —                    —            —            —                 —
                 and wiring harness

                                         ✓ 2075
                  Additional trolling    ✓ 1975
                                                                            —                                 —              —                       —                  —           —                   l                     l                l                   l            l             l               —
                      motor plug-in      l 1875
                                         l 1775

        Easy-access service portals         ✓                                ✓                                ✓              ✓                        ✓                  ✓           ✓                 ✓                      ✓                ✓                  —            —            —                 —

                                                                                                                                                                                                   l 2025
                                                                                                                                                                                                   l 1875
        Factory kicker motor pre-rig         l                              —                                  l             l                       —                   l            l                                      —               —                    —            —            —                 —
                                                                                                                                                                                                   l 1850
                                                                                                                                                                                                   l 1775

                    Fire extinguisher       ✓                                ✓                                ✓              ✓                        ✓                  l            l                 l                     l                l                   l            l             l               —

                                         ✓ 2075
                                         ✓ 1975                                                                       ✓ 2075                                                                                                                                                             l XL Sport
                      Infinity® stereo                                       ✓                                ✓                                       ✓                  ✓            l                 l                     l                l                  —            —                              —
                                         ✓ 1875                                                                       ✓ 1900                                                                                                                                                             l XL SS
                                         l 1775

                       Interior lights      ✓                                ✓                                ✓              ✓                        ✓                  ✓           ✓                 ✓                      ✓            ✓ (1)                  —            —             —                —

                              Helm

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         l XL SS
                  Bubble windshield      ✓ SE                               —                                 —              —                       —                  —           —               ✓ SS                     —           ✓ XL SS                  —           ✓ SS                           l SSV
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         l SS

                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ✓
                     Console storage        ✓                               —                                 ✓              ✓                       —                   ✓           ✓             ✓ Sport                        ✓ XL Sport                      —           ✓ DC       ✓ XL Sport l SSV-18
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Command

         Custom dual consoles with                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            —
                                   ✓ IFS/SE                                  ✓                                ✓              ✓                        ✓                  ✓           ✓             ✓ Sport                   —           ✓ XL Sport               —           ✓ DC       ✓ XL Sport
           walk-through windshield

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         ✓ XL SS
            Custom-molded console        ✓ SE                               —                                 —              —                       —                  —           —               ✓ SS                     —               —                    —           ✓ SS                           l SSV
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         ✓ SS

                                Horn        ✓                                ✓                                ✓              ✓                        ✓                  ✓           ✓                 ✓                      ✓                l                  —             l             l               —


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         ✓ XL Sport                           l DC
            Lighted instrumentation         ✓                                ✓                                ✓              ✓                        ✓                  ✓           ✓                 ✓                      ✓                                    ✓                          l              l SSV
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         ✓ XL SS                              l SS




     56 | LUND                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 www.lundboats.com




lu.sp15_equip_specs.indd 56                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         2/19/15 11:33 AM
                                            Standard & Optional Equipment




                                                                                   (219, 208 Tiller, 202, 186)
                                                 (2075, 1975, 1875, 1775)




                                                                                                                                                                                                            Impact & Impact XS




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Rebel XL & Rebel XS




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        SSV, WC, A, C, WD
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Fury XL & Fury
                                                                                                                                2075, 1900, 1800)




                                                                                                                                                                                       Sport Angler
                                                                                                                                (2075 Magnum,




                                                                                                                                                                           Crossover




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Pro Guide




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Outfitter
                                                                            Pro V GL




                                                                                                                                                    Tyee GL
                                                                                                                                                              (208, 186)




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Alaskan
           ✓     Standard Feature




                                                                                                                 Baron
                                             Pro V




                                                                                                                         Tyee
           l     Optional Equipment


                       Lockable storage        ✓                                ✓                                ✓              ✓                        ✓                  ✓           ✓                     ✓                     ✓                ✓                  —             ✓ DC       ✓ XL Sport             —

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               ✓ XL Sport                             ✓ DC         ✓ XL
                        Mercury Pre-Rig        ✓                                ✓                                ✓              ✓                        ✓                  ✓           ✓                     ✓                     ✓                                   —                                              l SSV
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               ✓ XL SS                                ✓ SS         ✓ SS

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               ✓ XL Sport                             l DC
          Mercury Pre-Rig with gauges          ✓                                ✓                                ✓              ✓                        ✓                  ✓           ✓                     ✓                     ✓                                   —                             l                l SSV
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               ✓ XL SS                                l SS

          Mercury SmartCraft gauges
                               TM
                                                l                                l                                l             l                        l                  l            l                     l                    l              —                    —              —            —                   —

                   Padded bow bolsters         —                               —                                  l             l                        l                 —           —                     —                     —               —                    —              —            —                   —

                                                                            ✓ 219
          Port console with windshield       l SE                           ✓ 208                                —              —                        ✓                 —           —                   l SS                    —           l XL SS                  —           l 2000 SS    ✓ XL SS             l SSV-18
                                                                            ✓ 186

                    Power tiller steering      —                            ✓ 208                                —              —                       —                  —           —                     —                   l 2025            —                    —              —            —                   —

                   ProCapacity lockable
                     in-floor rod storage      ✓                                ✓                                ✓              ✓                       —                   ✓          —                      ✓                     ✓              —                    —              —           ✓ XL                 —
                  with oblong rod tubes

                      Performance

                    Built-in fuel system       ✓                                ✓                                ✓              ✓                        ✓                  ✓           ✓                     ✓                     ✓                ✓                   ✓              ✓           —                   —

                                            ✓ 2075
               Freshwater pickup system     ✓ 1975                              ✓                                ✓              —                        ✓                 —           —                  ✓ 2025                 ✓ 2075            —                    —              —            —                   —
                                            ✓ 1875

           The following solid-construction features come standard on all Lund models**: aluminum bow and corner castings, double-riveted seams, heavy-duty
           treated transom, marine-grade 5052 H34 aluminum, oven-cured finish and poured foam for level flotation.

           Standard features on most* models**:                                                                                                                                           popular options available on
                ccessory brackets (standard on all models except Fury, SSV, WC, A, C, WD;
               A                                                                                                                                                                          most* models**:
                         optional on Crossover, Impact, Rebel XL, Outfitter, Alaskan, Fury XL)                                                                                                         dditional pedestal seats (optional on all models except SSV, WC, A, C, WD)
                                                                                                                                                                                                      A
               Bilge pump (standard on all models except SSV, WC, A, C, WD)                                                                                                                          Battery charger (optional on all models except SSV, WC, A, C, WD)
                Bow eye (standard on all models)                                                                                                                                                      Easy-clean vinyl flooring (optional on all models except SSV, WC, A, C,
                 Built-in fuel tank (standard on all models except Fury XL, Fury, SSV, WC, A, C, WD)                                                                                                 WD; standard on Sport Angler, Outfitter, Alaskan, Fury XL, Fury)
                  Casting platform (standard on all models except 1800 Alaskan DC, 1800/1600                                                                                                           Mooring cover (fish boats only)
                         Alaskan, SSV, WC, A, C, WD)                                                                                                                                                     Travel cover
                   Deck mounting pad (standard on all models except SSV, WC, A, C, WD)
                    Drink holders (standard on most models)                                                                                                                               * N ot all standard and optional equipment available on all models;
                     Electronics package: depthfinder, trolling motor—see dealer for details (standard                                                                                       see your Lund dealer for more information.
                         1650 Rebel XL Sport & SS)                                                                                                                                        ** See your Lund dealer or visit www.lundboats.com for Jon boat standards
                      Mercury outboard motor (standard on all models except Outfitter, SSV, WC, A, C, WD)                                                                                   and options.
                       Navigation lights (standard on all models except A, C, WD; optional on SSV, WC)
                        Shoreland’r trailer (standard on all models except Outfitter, SSV, WC, A, C, WD)




        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            LUND | 57




lu.sp15_equip_specs.indd 57                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            2/19/15 11:33 AM
            Specifications




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    2075 Tyee Magnum
                                                                                            208 Pro-V GL Tiller
                                                       2075 Pro-V IFS




                                                                                                                                      1975 Pro-V IFS



                                                                                                                                                        1875 Pro-V IFS




                                                                                                                                                                                                                 1775 Pro-V IFS
                                                                                                                                                                              1875 Pro-V SE




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    1775 Pro-V SE
                                                                                                                     202 Pro-V GL




                                                                                                                                                                                                186 Pro-V GL
                                                                            219 Pro-V GL




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      2275 Baron




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        2075 Tyee
                                 Page Number               7                  8                9                     10               11                 12                   12                13               14                 14                15            16                  17

                          Horsepower Maximum          300                  350             250                      300              225                200                  200               200              150                150               300            250                 250
                                                                        (Mercury only)

                               Centerline Length     20'8"                21'9"            20'8"                   20'2"            19'8"              18'10"               18'10"            18'6"            17'10"             17'10"            22'9"          20'8"               20'8"

                                    Beam Width        97"                 102"             96"                      102"              97"               95"                   95"              98"              95"                95"               102"          99.5"               99.5"

                                    Stern Width       97"                 100"             95"                      100"              97"               94"                   94"              95"              94"                94"               101"           96"                 98"

                                 Amidship Depth      39.5"                   —              —                        —              39.5"               37"                   37"               —               37"                37"                52"           48"                 48"

                                     Bow Depth        42"                    —              —                        —                42"               40"                   40"               —               40"                40"                57"           52"                 52"

                                 Transom Height       25"                  25"             25"                      25"               25"               25"                   25"              25"              25"                25"                25"           25"                 25"

            Standard Boat Weight (approx. lbs)       2000                 3000             2400                    2500             1830               1600                  1500             2100             1450               1350              2450           1920                1980

                                   Capacity (lbs)    2100                 2150             2100                    2000             2000               1800                  1800             1900             1650               1650              2950           2350                2350

                                 Fuel Tank (gal.)      62                   60              60                       60               51                 40                   40                40               32                 32                70            50                  50

                              Persons (maximum)            7                  8                5                       6                  6                 6                    6                6                  6                 6              12                9                 9

                                     Hull Design      IPS2                IPS3             IPS2                     IPS3             IPS2               IPS2                 IPS2             IPS2              IPS2               IPS2              IPS2           IPS2               IPS2

                  Thickness Freeboard/Bottom        .08/.125                —               —                        —              .08/.125           .08/.1               .08/.1              —              .08/.1             .08/.1            .08/.125       .08/.1              .08/.1

                     Twin Hull Plate Thickness        .225                  —               —                        —               .225                 .2                    .2              —                  .2                 .2             .225             .2                 .2

                                        Gunwale       PTG                   —               —                        —               PTG                PTG                  PTG                —               PTG                PTG               PTG            PTG                 PTG

                                           Seats     4 AR                 4 AR             4 AR                    4 AR              4 AR               3 AR                 3 AR             3 solid          3 solid            3 solid 3solid/1AR 3solid/1AR 3solid/1AR

                                     Seat Bases            6                  7                6                       8                  6                 6                     6               8                  6                  6                8               5                6

                         Console (with steering)    T(◆✓H)               T(✓H)              —                      T(✓H)            T(✓H)              T(◆l H) S(◆l H)                         S lT            T(✚l H) S(✚l H)                      T(✓H)          T(◆✓H) T(◆✓H)

                                        Livewell      PLP                  PLP             PLP                      PLP              PLP                PLP                   PLP              PLP                PL                 PL              PLP             AL                 AL

                                    Rod Storage        ✓L                   ✓L              ✓L                       ✓L               ✓L                ✓L                    ✓L                ✓L               ✓L                 ✓L                ✓L            ✓L                  ✓L

                                  Battery Holder       ✓5                   ✓5              ✓5                       ✓5               ✓5                ✓3                    ✓3               ✓3               ✓3                  ✓3                ✓5            ✓5                  ✓5

                                 Canvas Top Set     lTClSTlCT lTClSTlCT                     —                     lTClSTlCT lTClSTlCT lTClSTlCT l TCl BT lTClSTlCT lTClSTlCT l TCl BT lTClSTlCT lTClSTlCT lTClSTlCT

                                  Cockpit Depth      21.25"               24.5"            22.5"                    25"             21.25"             21.25"               21.25"             27"             21.25"             21.25"            30.5"           30"                 30"

                   Bow Casting Platform Depth         11"                   13"             —                        —                11"               11"                   11"               —               11"                11"              16.75"          16"                 16"


        SPECIFICATIONS Legend

        ✓       Standard Feature            IPS IPSTM Hull                                  PTG ProTrakTM Gunwale                                                        AR AirRide Pedestal Seats                                        H  Hydraulic Steering
        l       Optional Equipment          IPS2 IPSTM 2 Hull                               DTG DualTrak™ Gunwale                                                        S  Side Console                                                  ◆  No-feedback Tilt Steering
                                            IPS3 IPSTM 3 Hull                               FBG Fish Boat Gunwale                                                        T	Twin Console with                                             ✚	No-feedback Steering with
                                            SVB Semi V-Hull                                                                                                                 Walk-through Windshield                                          Optional Tilt
                                            TLVB True Lund V-Hull                                                                                                                                                                         ▲	No-feedback Steering


     58 | LUND                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        www.lundboats.com




lu.sp15_equip_specs.indd 58                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    2/16/15 3:47 PM
                                                                                                                                                                         Specifications




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      1850 Impact XS Sport
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      2025 Impact Sport
                                                                                                                                                                    1675 Crossover XS
                                                                                                                        1875 Crossover XS




                                                                                                                                                                                          2000 Sport Angler
                                                                                                                                              1775 Crossover XS




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            1875 Impact Sport
                                                                                                                                                                                                                1800 Sport Angler




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  1875 Impact SS
                                                            208 Tyee GL




                                                                                                        186 Tyee GL
                                                                            1900 Tyee



                                                                                          1800 Tyee
                                    Page Number            18               19            19            20              21                     22                    23                    24                    24                    25                    26                   26                   27

                              Horsepower Maximum           300             200           175           200             175                   150                   115                   225                    175                  200                   150                   150                  150

                                   Centerline Length      20'8"           19'1"         18'1"          18'6"          18'10"                17'10"                16'10"                20'6"                  18'6"                20'2"                 18'9"                 18'9"                18'7"

                                        Beam Width         96"             98"           95"            98"            95"                   95"                    92"                  97"                    97"                  96"                    94"                   94"                 94"

                                         Stern Width       95"             97"           94"            95"            94"                   94"                    88"                  96"                    96"                  95"                  91.5"                 91.5"                 92"

                                    Amidship Depth          —              45"          42.25"          —             40.5"                 40.5"                 39.5"                 42.5"                  42.5"                 37"                    37"                   37"                38.5"

                                          Bow Depth         —              48"           45"            —              43"                   43"                    42"                  46"                    46"                  39"                  38.5"                 38.5"                40.5"

                                     Transom Height        25"             25"           25"            25"            25"                   25"                    25"                  25"                    25"                  25"                    25"                   25"                 25"

              Standard Boat Weight (approx. lbs)          2500            1600          1400           2100           1558                  1450                  1389                  1600                   1460                 1750                  1265                  1215                 1440

                                       Capacity (lbs)     2000            1800          1700           1900           1800                  1750                  1550                  2100                   1900                 2000                  1550                  1550                 1600

                                     Fuel Tank (gal.)      50              40             27            40              32                    26                    19                    50                    41                    50                    32                    32                   32

                                 Persons (maximum)           8               8             7             8                8                       7                     6                     6                     6                     6                     6                     6                    6

                                         Hull Design      IPS2            IPS2          IPS2           IPS2            IPS                   IPS                   IPS                  IPS2                   IPS2                 IPS2                   IPS                   IPS                  IPS

                     Thickness Freeboard/Bottom             —             .08/.1        .08/.1          —             .08/.1                .08/.1                .063/.08              .08/.1                .08/.1                .08/.1                .063/.08              .063/.08            .063/.08

                        Twin Hull Plate Thickness           —               .2            .2            —              .16                   .16                    .16                     .2                    .2                 .18                    .16                   .16                 .16

                                            Gunwale         —              PTG           PTG            —              PTG                   PTG                   PTG                   DTG                   DTG                   DTG                   DTG                   DTG                  DTG

                                               Seats      4 AR            3 solid       3 solid       3 solid         3 solid               3 solid               2 solid               2 solid               2 solid               4 solid               3 solid               3 solid             3 solid

                                         Seat Bases          7               6             6             7                6                       6                     5                     7                     7                     6                     6                    6                     6

                              Console (with steering)    T(◆✓H) T(◆✓H) T(◆✓H) T(◆ l H) T(◆l H) T(◆l H) T(◆l H) T(✚l H) T(✚l H) T(✚l H) T(✚l H) S(✚l H) T(◆l H)

                                             Livewell       PL              AL            AL            PL              AL                     AL                    AL                    AL                    AL                  PLP                     AL                    AL                  AL

                                        Rod Storage        ✓L              ✓L             ✓L            ✓L              ✓L                    ✓L                    ✓L                        ✓                     ✓                 ✓L                    ✓L                    ✓L                  ✓L

                                      Battery Holder       ✓5              ✓3            ✓3             ✓3             ✓3                    ✓3                     ✓3                   ✓3                     ✓3                    ✓3                    ✓3                    ✓3                  ✓3

                                     Canvas Top Set     lTClSTlCT lTClSTlCT lTClSTlCT lTClSTlCT lTClSTlCT lTClSTlCT lTClSTlCT l PCTl CT                                                                       l PCTl CT             l STl CT              l STl CT               l BT               lSTlBTlCT

                                      Cockpit Depth       26.5"            27"           27"            27"            25"                   25"                  24.5"                 26.5"                  26.5"                22.75"                  22"                   22"                23.5"

                     Bow Casting Platform Depth             —              11"           11"            —              11"                   11"                    11"                 13.5"                  13.5"                11.25"                10.5"                 10.5"                13.5"




        AL     Aerated Livewell                TC        Premium Travel Cover                         CT	Complete Sport Top Set — Includes sport top, aluminum bows, bow
        PLP    ProLong Plus Livewell           ST       Sport Top Set — Includes                          cover, walkway curtain, side curtains, and aft slant curtain (most models)
        PL     ProLong Livewell                         top with aluminum bows                        PCT	Premium Complete Top Set — Includes stainless steel bows, weather
                                               BT        Bimini Top                                        seal, bow cover, walkway curtain, side curtains, and aft slant curtain or aft
        L      Lockable Rod Storage                                                                        drop curtain



        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          LUND | 59




lu.sp15_equip_specs.indd 59                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           2/16/15 3:47 PM
            Specifications




                                                                                                                                                                                                              1800 Rebel XL Sport




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      1650 Rebel XL Sport
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          1750 Rebel XS Sport
                                                                                              1675 Impact Sport
                                                      1775 Impact Sport




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     1800 Rebel XL SS




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             1650 Rebel XL SS
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 1750 Rebel XS SS
                                                                                                                                                                                           1675 Pro Guide
                                                                                                                                                                         1775 Pro Guide
                                                                                                                                     2075 Pro Guide
                                                                                                                   1675 Impact SS




                                                                                                                                                       1875 Pro Guide
                                                                           1775 Impact SS
                                Page Number            28                  28                  28                  28                29                29                30                30                 31                     31                   32                     32                    34                    33

                          Horsepower Maximum         125                  125                  90                  90                200               90                90                75                125                    125                  115                     90                    90                    90

                               Centerline Length    17'9"                 17'9"             16'9"                 16'9"             20'9"             18'10"            17'9"             16'9"             18'1"                   18'1"               17'6"                   17'6"               16'6"                   16'6"

                                    Beam Width       94"                  94"                90"                  90"                93"               93"               93"               90"              84.5"                   84.5"                85"                    85"                  84"                    84"

                                    Stern Width     91.5"                 91.5"             91.5"                 91.5"              93"               93"               93"              88.25"             83"                    83"                  83"                    83"                  83"                    83"

                                 Amidship Depth      37"                  37"                37"                  37"               36.5"              37"              34.5"             34.5"             33.75" 33.75"                               34.5"                   34.5"               33.5"                   33.5"

                                     Bow Depth      38.5"                 38.5"             38.5"                 38.5"             38.75"            38.5"             37.5"              37"              36.5"                   36.5"               36.75" 36.75"                               36.5"                   36.5"

                                 Transom Height       25"                 25"                 20"                 20"                25"               25"               20"               20"                20"                    20"                  20"                    20"                  20"                    20"

            Standard Boat Weight (approx. lbs)      1220                  1170              1175                  1125              1500              1336              1225              1050              1050                    1000                1085                    1035                1000                    960

                                   Capacity (lbs)   1550                  1550              1550                  1550              2000              1650              1600              1400              1550                    1550                1400                    1400                1350                    1350

                                 Fuel Tank (gal.)      27                   27                 19                   19                42                32                27               19                 19                     19                   19                     19                     19                   19

                              Persons (maximum)             6                   6                   6                   6                 6                 6                 6               6                   6                      6                    6                      6                       6                   6

                                     Hull Design      IPS                  IPS                IPS                  IPS               IPS2             IPS2               IPS               IPS                IPS                    IPS                  IPS                    IPS                  IPS                    IPS

                  Thickness Freeboard/Bottom        .063/.08 .063/.08 .063/.08 .063/.08 .08/.1 .063/.08 .063/.08 .063/.08 .063/.08 .063/.08 .063/.08 .063/.08 .063/.08 .063/.08

                     Twin Hull Plate Thickness        .16                  .16                .16                  .16               .08               .16               .143              .143              .143                   .143                 .143                   .143                 .143                   .143

                                        Gunwale      DTG                  DTG                DTG                  DTG                DTG               DTG               DTG               DTG               DTG                    DTG                  DTG                    DTG                  DTG                    DTG

                                           Seats    2 solid 2 solid 2 solid 2 solid 3 solid 3 solid 3 solid 2 solid 3 solid 3 solid 3 solid 3 solid 3 solid 3 solid

                                     Seat Bases              6                  6                    6                  6                 7                 7                 6                4                   6                     6                     6                     6                       6                   6

                         Console (with steering)    T(✚l H) S(✚l H) T(✚l H) S(✚l H)                                                    —                 —                 —                —                T(▲)                   S(▲)                 T(▲)                   S(▲)                 T(▲)                   S(▲)

                                        Livewell       AL                   AL                 AL                   AL               PLP               PLP                PL               PL                 AL                     AL                   AL                     AL                    AL                    AL

                                    Rod Storage       ✓L                   ✓L                 ✓L                   ✓L                ✓L                ✓L                ✓L                ✓L                 ✓L                     ✓L                   ✓L                     ✓L                   ✓L                     ✓L

                                  Battery Holder      ✓3                   ✓3                 ✓3                   ✓3                ✓3                ✓3                ✓3                ✓3                 ✓2                     ✓2                   ✓2                     ✓2                   ✓2                     ✓2

                                 Canvas Top Set     l STl CT              l BT              l STl CT              l BT               l BT              l BT              l BT              l BT             l STl CT                l BT                l STl CT                l BT                l STl CT                l BT

                                  Cockpit Depth      22"                  22"                22"                  22"               20.25"            19.5"              20"              20.75"            23.5"                   23.5"               23.5"                   23.5"               23.5"                   23.5"

                   Bow Casting Platform Depth       10.5"                 10.5"             10.5"                 10.5"             12.75"            12.5"             12.75"            12.5"             11.5"                   11.5"               13.25" 13.25"                               11.5"                   11.5"


        SPECIFICATIONS Legend

        ✓       Standard Feature            IPS IPSTM Hull                                                PTG ProTrakTM Gunwale                                         AR AirRide Pedestal Seats                                                        H  Hydraulic Steering
        l       Optional Equipment          IPS2 IPSTM 2 Hull                                             DTG DualTrak™ Gunwale                                         S  Side Console                                                                  ◆  No-feedback Tilt Steering
                                            IPS3 IPSTM 3 Hull                                             FBG Fish Boat Gunwale                                         T	Twin Console with                                                             ✚	No-feedback Steering with
                                            SVB Semi V-Hull                                                                                                                Walk-through Windshield                                                          Optional Tilt
                                            TLVB True Lund V-Hull                                                                                                                                                                                        ▲	No-feedback Steering


     60 | LUND                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  www.lundboats.com




lu.sp15_equip_specs.indd 60                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     2/19/15 11:33 AM
                                                                                                                                                                                                         Specifications




                                                           1650 Rebel XL Tiller




                                                                                                                                            2000 Alaskan Tiller




                                                                                                                                                                                                          1800 Alaskan Tiller




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      1600 Alaskan Tiller


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             1625 Fury XL Sport
                                                                                                      2000 Alaskan DC




                                                                                                                                                                    1800 Alaskan DC
                                                                                                                         2000 Alaskan SS




                                                                                                                                                                                       1800 Alaskan SS




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  1600 Alaskan SS




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   1625 Fury XL SS


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      1625 Fury Tiller
                                                                                   1750 Outfitter




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            1600 Fury SS
                                    Page Number             34                     35                 36                 36                  37                     36                 36                  37                    36                  37                      39                    38                 39                    40

                              Horsepower Maximum            60                     60                125                 125                125                     90                 90                  75                    75                  60                      60                    60                 50                    40

                                   Centerline Length      16'6"                   17'7"              20'6"              20'6"              20'6"                  18'9"               18'9"              18'9"                  16'10" 16'10"                               16'3"                 16'3"              16'3"                 16'2"

                                        Beam Width         84"                    77"                90.5"              90.5"              90.5"                   83"                 83"                83"                    81"                 81"                    80"                   80"                80"                   73.5"

                                         Stern Width       83"                    74"                 85"                85"                85"                    79"                 79"                79"                    79"                 79"                    77"                   77"                77"                  64.75"

                                    Amidship Depth        33.5"                   32"                 35"                35"                35"                    33"                 33"                33"                    33"                 33"                    32.5"                 32.5"              32.5"                 30.5"

                                          Bow Depth       36.5"                   33"                 39"                39"                39"                    36"                 36"                36"                    36"                 36"                    35"                   35"                35"                   35.5"

                                     Transom Height        20"                    20"                 25"                25"                20"                    20"                 20"                20"                    20"                 20"                    20"                   20"                20"                    20"

              Standard Boat Weight (approx. lbs)          910                     805                1275               1200               1105                   1105                1030                975                    915                 860                    902                   862                812                    565

                                       Capacity (lbs)     1350                    1400               2100               2100               2100                   1600                1600               1600                   1350                1350                    1250                  1250               1250                  1200

                                     Fuel Tank (gal.)      19                      19                 27                 27                 27                      19                 19                 19                     19                  19                      12                    12                 12                     —

                                 Persons (maximum)              6                     5                 7                    7                   7                      7                  7                   7                    6                   6                      5                     5                  5                      5

                                         Hull Design       IPS                    TLVB                IPS                IPS                IPS                    IPS                 IPS                IPS                    IPS                 IPS                    IPS                   IPS                IPS                    IPS

                     Thickness Freeboard/Bottom          .063/.08 .063/.1 .08/.1                                        .08/.1             .08/.1                 .08/.1              .08/.1             .08/.1                 .08/.1              .08/.1 .063/.08 .063/.08 .063/.08 .063/.08

                        Twin Hull Plate Thickness         .143                    .18                 —                   —                  —                       —                  —                  —                     —                    —                      —                     —                  —                      —

                                            Gunwale       DTG                     DTG                DTG                DTG                DTG                     DTG                DTG                DTG                    DTG                  DTG                    DTG                   DTG                DTG                   FBG

                                               Seats     3 solid 3 solid 3 solid 3 solid 3 solid 2 solid 2 solid 2 solid 2 solid 2 solid 2 solid 2 solid 2 solid 2 solid

                                         Seat Bases            4                      4                5                    5                   4                      5                  5                   4                    4                    3                      6                    6                  4                      4

                              Console (with steering)       —                      —                T(▲ l H) S(▲l H)                          —                    T(▲)               S(▲)                   —                  S(▲)                  —                     T(▲)                  S(▲)                —                    S(▲)

                                             Livewell       AL                      AL                AL                  AL                 AL                      AL                 AL                 AL                    AL                   AL                     AL                    AL                 AL                    AL

                                        Rod Storage        ✓L                         ✓                 ✓                   ✓                   ✓                      ✓                  ✓                   ✓                     ✓                   ✓                      ✓                    ✓                   ✓                      ✓

                                      Battery Holder       ✓2                      ✓1                 ✓2                 ✓2                 ✓2                      ✓2                 ✓2                 ✓2                     ✓2                  ✓2                      ✓2                    ✓2                 ✓2                       1

                                     Canvas Top Set       l BT                       —              l STl CT             l BT               l BT                  l STl CT             l BT               l BT                   l BT                l BT                       l                     l                  l                   —

                                      Cockpit Depth       23.5"                   20"                22.5"              22.5"              22.5"                   21"                 21"                21"                    21"                 21"                    20"                   20"                20"                    21"

                     Bow Casting Platform Depth           11.5"                   7.5"              14.75" 14.75" 14.75"                                              —                  —                  —                     —                   —                     7.5"                  7.5"               7.5"                  13.5"




        AL     Aerated Livewell                TC        Premium Travel Cover                                            CT	Complete Sport Top Set — Includes sport top, aluminum bows, bow
        PLP    ProLong Plus Livewell           ST       Sport Top Set — Includes                                             cover, walkway curtain, side curtains, and aft slant curtain (most models)
        PL     ProLong Livewell                          top with aluminum bows                                          PCT	Premium Complete Top Set — Includes stainless steel bows, weather
                                               BT        Bimini Top                                                           seal, bow cover, walkway curtain, side curtains, and aft slant curtain or aft
        L      Lockable Rod Storage                                                                                           drop curtain



        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                LUND | 61




lu.sp15_equip_specs.indd 61                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                2/19/15 11:33 AM
            Specifications




                                                                                            1400 Fury Tiller
                                                      1600 Fury Tiller



                                                                           1400 Fury SS




                                                                                                                                     SSV-14
                                                                                                                SSV-18



                                                                                                                           SSV-16




                                                                                                                                                                                                            WD-14
                                                                                                                                                        WC-14
                                                                                                                                               WC-16




                                                                                                                                                                  WC-12




                                                                                                                                                                                                 C-16
                                                                                                                                                                            A-14



                                                                                                                                                                                      A-12
                                Page Number           40                   41               41                  42         42        42        43       43        43        44        44         44         44

                          Horsepower Maximum          40                   30               30                  60         40        35        25       25        15        15        10         25         25

                               Centerline Length    16'2"                14'9"            14'9"                18'4"      16'2"     14'2"     16'2"    14'6"     12'1"     14'1"     12'1"      16'2"      14'6"

                                    Beam Width      73.5"                69.5"            69.5"                 76"        72"       70"       72"      69"       61"       61"       60"        66"        69"

                                    Stern Width     64.75"               64.75"           64.75"               70.5"      64.5"     64.5"      63"      63"       58"      51.5"     51.5"      51.5"       63"

                                 Amidship Depth     30.5"                30.5"            30.5"                28.5"      28.5"     28.5"     26.25"   26.25"     23"       21"       21"        23"      26.25"

                                     Bow Depth      35.5"                35.5"            35.5"                 35"        35"       35"      29.5"    28.75" 25.625"      24.5"     24.5"       28"      28.75"

                                 Transom Height      20"                  20"              20"                  20"      15"/20" 15"/20" 15"/20" 15"/20"          15"       15"       15"        15"      15"/20"

            Standard Boat Weight (approx. lbs)       520                  545              500                  460      340/350 285/295 325/335 285/295          205       194       164        250     230/240

                                   Capacity (lbs)   1200                 1080             1080                 1500      1100/1200 915/1020   1150     1000       700      785        645       1070       1000

                                 Fuel Tank (gal.)       —                   —                 —                  —         —         —          —        —         —        —          —          —          —

                              Persons (maximum)            5                  4                  4               7         5/6        4         5        4         3         3         3          5          4

                                     Hull Design     IPS                  IPS              IPS                  IPS        IPS       IPS       SVB      SVB       SVB      SVB        SVB        SVB        SVB

                  Thickness Freeboard/Bottom        .063/.08             .063/.08         .063/.08             .063/.1   .063/.08 .063/.063 .063/.063 .063/.063 .063/.063 .063/.063 .063/.063 .063/.08 .063/.063

                     Twin Hull Plate Thickness          —                   —                 —                  —         —         —          —        —         —        —          —          —          —

                                        Gunwale      FBG                  FBG              FBG                 FBG        FBG       FBG        FBG      FBG       FBG      FBG        FBG       FBG        FBG

                                           Seats    2 solid              2 solid          2 solid 4 bench 4 bench 4 bench 5 bench 4 bench 4 bench 3 bench 3 bench 4 bench 3 bench

                                     Seat Bases            3                  3                  3               —         —         —          —        —         —        —          —          —          —

                         Console (with steering)        —                 S(▲)                —                l S(▲)     l S(▲)    l S(▲)      —        —         —        —          —          —          —

                                        Livewell       AL                   AL               AL                  —         —         —          —        —         —        —          —          —          —

                                    Rod Storage           ✓                   ✓                 ✓                —         —         —          —        —         —        —          —          —          —

                                  Battery Holder           1                  1                  1                l          l         l        —        —         —        —          —          —          —

                                 Canvas Top Set         —                   —                 —                  —         —         —          —        —         —        —          —          —          —

                                  Cockpit Depth      21"                  21"              21"                   —         —         —          —        —         —        —          —          —          —

                   Bow Casting Platform Depth       13.5"                13.5"            13.5"                  —         —         —          —        —         —        —          —          —          —


        SPECIFICATIONS Legend                                                                                                                                                (see page 61 for additional symbols)


        ✓       Standard Feature           IPS IPSTM Hull                                  PTG ProTrakTM Gunwale                        AR AirRide Pedestal Seats          H  Hydraulic Steering
        l       Optional Equipment         IPS2 IPSTM 2 Hull                               DTG DualTrak™ Gunwale                        S  Side Console                    ◆  No-feedback Tilt Steering
                                           IPS3 IPSTM 3 Hull                               FBG Fish Boat Gunwale                        T	Twin Console with               ✚	No-feedback Steering with
                                           SVB Semi V-Hull                                                                                 Walk-through Windshield            Optional Tilt
                                           TLVB True Lund V-Hull                                                                                                           ▲	No-feedback Steering


     62 | LUND                                                                                                                                                                         www.lundboats.com




lu.sp15_equip_specs.indd 62                                                                                                                                                                                     2/16/15 3:47 PM
                                                                           Powerful Partners
                 Lund Gear

                                                                        Lund prides itself on delivering the most
                                                                        rugged and dependable boats in the
                                                                        fishing industry, so it’s no surprise that
                                                                        Lund teams up with Mercury® Marine to
                                                                        provide the solid and efficient power to
                                                                        get you there and back. Mercury is an
                                                                        industry leader in four-stroke and direct-
                                                                        injected two-stroke technology, and all of
                                                                        its engines run smoothly and responsively
                                                                        in any water conditions. Check out
                                                                        Mercury’s latest and greatest offerings
                                                                        here, and for more information, visit
                                                                        www.mercurymarine.com.

                                                                        OptiMax Pro XS
                                                                        Mercury’s OptiMax Pro XS outboards deliver
                                                                        unprecedented speed and acceleration to
                                                                        help you get to where the fish are biting—
                                                                        fast! Several qualities make the Pro XS the
                                                                        best-selling tournament outboard in the
                                                                        world. For starters, its two-stage direct-in-
                                                                        jection system and high-tech carbon fiber
                                                                        reeds make for incredibly quick response and
                                                                        outstanding performance. The Pro XS also
                                                                        boasts higher open-throttle rpm for remark-
                                                                        able acceleration.

                                                                        Spitfire Propeller
                                                                        Mercury’s FourStroke outboards have a new
                                                                        partner in crime: the Spitfire propeller. Four
                                                                        bold and uncompromising blades with high
                                                                        rake angles and extra cup give Mercury’s
                                                                        FourStrokes greater acceleration without
                                                                        compromising top speed.

                                                                        150 FourStroke
                                                                        The new 150 FourStroke is the lightest, most
                                                                        versatile and most durable outboard in its
                 Wear With Pride                                        power class. Its remarkably low maintenance
                 You wouldn’t be caught in any boat but a Lund
                                                                        and top-of-the-line fuel efficiency allow
                 while fishing your favorite waters. Now you can fur-
                                                                        fishermen (and their families) to spend more
                 ther look the part of a hardcore angler, thanks to
                                                                        time out on the water. Sleek and reliable, the
                 Lund’s extensive line of apparel. Men, women and
                                                                        150 FourStroke has everything you need.
                 children can sport clothing with a range of Lund
                 logos from past to present and hats for sun protec-
                 tion. Show your Lund pride along with the pros by
                 visiting www.lundboats.com and clicking on Gear.




        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                LUND | 63




lu.sp15_equip_specs.indd 63                                                                                                2/19/15 11:33 AM
      boating’s best
      lifetime warranty
      Lund’s Lifetime Limited Warranty gives you the
      best overall coverage available. From bow to
      stern, gunwale to gunwale, your new Lund is
      backed with a transferable* warranty—and
      Lund’s promise that we’ll make sure any
      claims are handled with speed, ease and our
      full support.

      It’s because Lund boats are built so well that
      we can afford to give you this superior warranty.
      We don’t think you’ll need it; we have that much
      confidence in our boats. But if you do need war-
      ranty support, you can be sure you’ll have the
      very best in the industry.                          Higher Standards                                                        Notes
                                                          Every Lund boat is built to meet or exceed rigorous                     Some photos of Lund boats in this catalog show fac-
      • Lifetime Warranty on double-riveted seams        NMMA certification standards and Coast Guard regu-                      tory and/or dealer installed options. Photographs are
         (Aluminum)                                       lations. But first, every Lund must pass the toughest                   taken under controlled conditions. Colors are subject
      • Lifetime Warranty on all plywood panels,         test of all—our own standards for quality and crafts-                   to printing limitations and are approximations only.
         related materials and labor (Aluminum)           manship.
      • Lifetime Warranty against structural hull                                                                                Because Lund is dedicated to constant product
         defects (Fiberglass)
                                                          Resale Value                                                            improvements, the specifications, options, color
      • Three-Year 100 Percent Bow-to-Stern Parts
                                                          When you buy a Lund boat, you become part of the                        selections and model availabilities of our boats are
         and Labor, some exclusions apply—ask your
                                                          Lund family and part of our tradition of excellence.                    subject to change without notification.
         Lund dealer for details
      •T ransferable*                                    When it comes time to sell your Lund boat, your in-
                                                          vestment in Lund quality will be rewarded.                              ProTrak™ Cover Fastening System is patented
      Lund’s Three-Year Material and Workmanship                                                                                    (Patent # 6,886,489)
      Warranty is transferable*—ask your Lund dealer      Lund Dealers                                                            Boat With Enhanced Access to Engine and Stern
      for details.                                        Because we build the best boats on the water, we                          is patented (Patent # 6,935,266)
                                                          can afford to be selective with who sells them. When                    Boat With Recessed Shifter is patented
      See dealer for full warranty details; standard      you see the Lund sign hanging in the window, you                          (Patent # 6,971,328)
      exclusions apply.                                   know the dealer inside meets Lund’s strict standards                    Accessory Mounting System for a boat is patent
                                                          for customer satisfaction. Stop by any of our dealers,                    pending
      *Lifetime warranty on double-riveted seams,        and you’ll see why they’ve earned the right to carry                    SportTrak™ Accessory Mounting System for a
        plywood panel, and structural fiberglass hull     the Lund line.                                                            boat is patented (Patent # 7,341,231)
        are non-transferable. Second owner receives
        10-year pro-rated warranty.
                                                          Lund Professionals                                                      Special Thanks
                                                          Without the dedicated efforts of the people at Lund                     Auger’s Pine View Resort, Lindner Media
                                                          who build our boats and the professional anglers who                    Productions, Mercury Marine, MotorGuide,
                                                          help design them, the Lund tradition of excellence                      Mr. Walleye Specialties, Plano Molding
                                                          would not be possible. Thank you.                                       Company, Frabill, Gemini Sport Marketing.
      Lund Boat Company        Lund Boats Canada, Inc.
      318 West Gilman St.      98 PTH 52 West
      P.O. Box 248             Steinbach, MB
      New York Mills, MN       R5G 1Y1
      56567
      218-385-2235
      Visit us at www.lundboats.com                          Please follow the rules of safe boating, take a boating safety course, be courteous to others and respect the marine environment.
      For clothing, visit www.lundboats.com/gear                                        Lund, a Brunswick Company. ©2014 Lund Boat Company. Printed in the USA.




lu.sp15_equip_specs.indd 64                                                                                                                                                                  2/19/15 6:15 PM
              “When you talk to the consumer, there’s a tradition
                of ‘I remember my first Lund from fish camp,’ or
                ‘my dad and grandpa had a Lund.’ It’s not all about
                trophies and big checks. Experience new places,
                catch fish, go have fun!”
                 -Lund Pro Scott Glorvigen




        www.lundboats.com                                             LUND | 65




lu.sp15_equip_specs.indd 65                                              2/19/15 6:15 PM
lu.boaterchoice.ad_Layout 1 2/13/15 11:56 AM Page 1




                                 SECURE CHOICE




                          To truly relax and enjoy your time on the water, you need to be confident that you have the right
                          insurance. Boater’s Choice is one of the most respected names in boat insurance, offering broad
                          coverage at competitive rates. And you have our guarantee that should you have a claim, our
                          professionals can be reached 24/7 to assist you with prompt, professional courteous service.



                                                          Exclusive Offer for Lund Owners
                                                 Boater’s Choice is offering $10,000 worth of personal effects
                                                    coverage including fishing equipment free of charge.*

                                                  * Offer available only on OneBeacon Polices. Underwriting restrictions apply.




                                                       For a no obligation quote, give us a call today.
                                                                          800-768-2121
                                                              www.boaterschoiceinsurance.com
