                                                            ®




                                 2017 lineup




                       Aluminum, fiberglass and Jon Boats




lu.fa16_cover.indd 1                                            9/20/16 12:30 PM
          PRESIDENT
             PRESIDENT’S NOTE
              Photo by Bill Lindner




                                                 Some Things
                                                 Never Change
                                                                                                                                                          ®

                                                 Change can be a difficult thing. Times of transition
                                                                                                                   President, Lund Boats
                                                 bring with them a touch of uncertainty.                           Dirk Hyde
                                                                                                                   Marketing Director
                                                 Children grow up and leave for college, friends and family        Jason Oakes
                                                 move away, you’re forced to part with your favorite beat-up       Marketing Manager
                                                 truck that’s been a part of your adventures for decades. When     Tony Kolker
                                                 something familiar changes, it’s hard not to long for the way
                                                 things were.
                                                                                                                   LUND
                                                                                                                   Magaz ine
                                                 At Lund, we strive to adhere to the characteristics, principles   President/Publisher
                                                 and building processes that have made us the most successful      Douglas Leik
                                                 and reliable boat builder for almost 70 years. We have a good     Account Executive
                                                 thing going, and there’s something powerful and refreshing        Annie Brown

                                                 about consistency and reliability. Every time you step onboard
                                                                                                                   Editorial Director
                                                 a Lund boat, you’ll experience the same solidly constructed       Randy Hess
                                                 hulls that have made us the best fishing boat brand in North
                                                                                                                   Managing Editor
                                                 America. You’ll feel the freedom that comes from smooth           Amy Wideman
                                                 handling, aggressive power and maximum comfort.                   Senior Editor
                                                                                                                   Elli Purtell
                                                 In a world that’s constantly changing, spending time onboard      Editor At Large
                         Every time you step     a Lund with rod in hand stills time for a moment. The peace       Jennifer Chesak

                                                 and quiet of the water, the thrilling anticipation of your next   Editor At Large

                       onboard a Lund boat,      catch, the beauty of nature and the company of family and
                                                                                                                   Alexa Poteet

                                                 friends all combine to provide a break from the world rushing
                             you’ll experience   by. Just ask Lund Pro Bobby Kalid, who chose to pursue            Creative Director
                                                                                                                   Russell Duncan
                                                 fishing professionally as a way to combine his competitive
                                                                                                                   Digital Creative Director
                              the same solidly   nature with his commitment to family (page 20). And for a         Kraig Devenport
                                                 truly epic throwback, turn to page 8 to read about how Lund       Art Director
                           constructed hulls     Pro Rob Jackson and his wife, Kim, use their 202 Pro-V GL to      Justin Goode
                                                 guide clients in pursuit of the ancient gar.                      Graphic Designer
                      that have made us the                                                                        Brittany Huisenga

                                                 Despite its uncertainty, change can be a decidedly good           Photographers

                      best fishing boat brand    thing, too, and Lund proves this time after time with each
                                                                                                                   Bill Lindner, Scott Pederson

                                                 of our new models. The all-new Renegade family is poised to
                          in North America.      revolutionize the bass and crappie market. Built with Lund’s
                                                 IPS hull technology and combined with a shallow draft and
                                                 ample casting room, the Renegade is the best of both worlds.
                                                 And after a highly successful launch of the Pro-V Bass in
                                                                                                                   Lund magazine is published
                                                 early 2016, we’ve expanded the line to include a 2075 version.    two times a year for Lund Boats,
                                                 Read about both new models on page 6 of the magazine.             by Dino Publishing LLC. Any
                                                                                                                   correspondence should be directed to:
                                                                                                                   Dino Publishing,
                                                 The beat of time marches on, and change comes with it. But        350 W. Hubbard St, Suite 400
                                                 no matter what, you can count on Lund to be as steady as          Chicago, IL 60654
                                                                                                                   Tel: 312-822-9266
                                                 ever, providing the platform for the moments and memories         Fax: 312-822-9268
                                                 that matter most.                                                 email: dleik@dinopublishing.com


                                                                                                                   The opinions expressed in this magazine are
                                                                                                                   not to be considered official expressions of
                                                 Dirk Hyde                                                         Dino Publishing or Lund Boats. The pub-
                                                 President, Lund Boats                                             lisher reserves the right to accept or reject all
                                                                                                                   editorial or advertising matter. The publisher
                                                                                                                   assumes no responsibility for unsolicited
                                                                                                                   manuscripts, photographs, or artwork. Re-
                                                                                                                   production in whole or in part of any text,
                                                                                                                   photograph, or illustration without prior writ-
                                                                                                                   ten permission from the publisher is strictly
                                                                                                                   prohibited. Printed in U.S.A.

                                                                                                                   Copyright © 2016 Lund Boats.




lu.fa16.prez.indd 2                                                                                                                                      9/23/16 3:22 PM
                                                                                                                                                 CONTENTS
                                                                                                                                                 TABLE OF CONTENTS
                                                                                                                                                 MODEL YEAR 2017 | VOLUME 8




                                                                                                                                                  FEATURES

                                                                                                                                                  08 Gunning for Gar
                                                                                                                                                      A husband-and-wife guide
                                                                                                                                                      team helps anglers seek
                                                                                                                                                      out a variety of species,
                                                                                                                                                      including the ancient gar.

                                                                                                                                                  14 Best. Weekend.
                                                                                                                                                     Ever.
                                                                                                                                                      New and experienced
                                                                                                                                                      anglers alike converged
                                                                                                                                                      at the Ultimate Fishing


                                                                                                                                                                                   20
                                                                                                                                                      Camp, where Lund
                                                                                                                                                      Pros gave one-on-one
                                                                                                                                                      guidance and seminars on
                                                                                                                                                      Minnesota’s Leech Lake.

                                                                                                                                                  20 Change for the Better
                                                                                                                                                      Lund Pro and bait-and-tackle shop owner Bob Kalid
                                                                                                                                                      made fishing his main pastime and career after
                                                                                                                                                      starting a family.




                                                                                                         08
                DEPARTMENTS
                02 First Cast
                     A small Lund does big things, plus our
                     new smartphone app and Lund gear for
                     the whole family.

                06 Legendary Lund
                     The new Renegade series changes the bass
                     and crappie fishing world, and the Pro-V Bass
                     family expands.




                                                                                                                          ®




                                                                                               2017 lineup




                                  On the cover:
                          The brand-new 2075 Pro-V Bass
                           allows anglers to fish big water
                           safely and shallow water easily.




                                                                                                                                                 14
                                 Photo by Scott Pederson.
                                                                                     Aluminum, fiberglass and Jon Boats




                                                              lu.fa16_cover.indd 1                                            9/20/16 12:30 PM




lu.fa16.TOC.indd 1                                                                                                                                                                                        9/22/16 5:59 PM
           FIRST
           CAST
             Gear, news and ideas to deliver the
             ultimate fishing experience.




                                                                                                                                                     Photo provided by Rob Henry
                            Big                    Rob Henry purchased his first boat—a 14-foot Lund—before he even had his driver’s license.
                                                   Over the years, he’s turned it into the ultimate personalized fishing machine, complete with


                           Idea
                                                   lights, a stereo, downriggers and more.
                                                      Despite plentiful opportunities on Ontario’s Bay of Quinte where he grew up, Rob felt the
                                                   pull toward bigger water and bigger fish. “I wanted Chinook salmon, northern pike, walleye
                                                   and lake trout,” he says. “I knew I had to venture out to the big lake: Lake Ontario.”
                                                      Heading offshore on Lake Ontario as many miles as feet on his boat, Rob has reeled in his
                                                   fair share of monsters—and curious looks from other anglers. “I often get asked, ‘What the
                                                   heck are you doing out here in a 14-foot boat?’” Rob says. “My answer is the same every time:
                                                   ‘It’s a Lund, and I’m fishing, of course!’ I feel safe in my Lund.”
                                                      Who says small can’t be mighty?



      2 | LUND                                                                                                                  www.lundboats.com




lu.fa16_FirstCast.indd 2                                                                                                                           9/22/16 5:57 PM
                           Safeguarding
                           HAPPINESS

                                                                                COMPLETE
                                                                               COVERAGE
                                                                               Fishing outings aren’t always as simple hopping


                      PROTECT                                                  onboard your boat with a rod in hand. Boater’s
                                                                               Choice understands this, offering comprehensive

                     YOUR FUEL
                ValvTect new X-Tended Protection + Gasoline Treatment
                                                                               coverage for all the things you need to reel in your
                                                                               next catch: your beloved Lund, fishing rods, tackle,
                (XP+) will keep your Lund’s gasoline in prime condi-           fishfinders, gear and other technology. Find the
                tion over the winter months and for every outing come
                                                                               right plan for your needs, such as one that pays
                spring. XP+, a multi-functional premium grade gasoline
                treatment, contains extra and additional refinery chemi-       the agreed value on total loss with no depreciation
                cals specially formulated to greatly improve gasoline          and a separate deductible for onboard electronics.
                performance in marine engines. Whether your gasoline
                                                                               Then get out on the water and savor the simple
                contains ethanol (E10) or not (E0), is used every day or
                occasionally, or is in storage for up to a year, XP+ ensures   solitude with complete assurance that you’re
                your engine is ready to start. XP+ contains ValvTect’s         protected when you need it. Boater’s Choice
                stabilizer, combined with proprietary corrosion inhibitor,
                water dispersant and a combination of specially developed
                                                                               representatives are available to assist you 24/7.
                gasoline detergents to help clean up carbon deposits and       Get a no-obligation quote today by visiting
                prevent octane loss.
                                                                               boaterschoiceinsurance.com.
                “Problems can occur even in fuel that is used
                every day,” says Marvin Griffin, president
                of ValvTect Petroleum Products. “XP+ helps
                your engine work at its best performance
                level, preventing gasoline from breaking
                down and ‘aging,’ which causes hard start-
                ing and increased maintenance costs.”
                Available at West Marine and other fine
                dealers nationwide. Visit valvtect.com.




         www.lundboats.com                                                                                                            LUND | 3




lu.fa16_FirstCast.indd 3                                                                                                                9/23/16 1:02 PM
           FIRST
           CAST
             Gear, news and ideas to deliver the
             ultimate fishing experience.




                   Lund
               On the Go
                Download the Lund Tour Guide app to access a world
                of information. Loaded with helpful features you
                won’t find anywhere else, the Lund app includes
                answers to Frequently Asked Questions about boat
                and trailer operation and maintenance, a dealership
                locator, informative videos from Lund’s Pro Staff
                members, and a handy QR code reader that allows
                you to scan your Mercury® engine and access manu-
                facturer resources specific to your propulsion system.

                           Download the Lund Tour Guide app from the
                             iTunes App Store. Compatible with iPhone,
                                                  iPad and iPad touch.




                                                                         GEAR ALL YEAR
                                                                           Show your Lund pride no matter theseason, with Lund’s branded
                                                                           apparel and gear. The Lund beanie fends off the chill of late
                                                                           fall or early spring outings, and the contrast stitch visor offers
                                                                           protection when the sun’s out in full force. Ladies, cast a line in
                                                                           stylish comfort with the silk touch button-down shirt, and bun-
                                                                           dle up with the black softshell jacket. New additions and designs
                                                                           offer something for men, women and children, so the whole
                                                                           family can sport the Lund look.

                                                                                                      SEE THE FULL COLLECTION AT
                                                                                                                   LUNDBOATS.COM.




      4 | LUND                                                                                                                www.lundboats.com




lu.fa16_FirstCast.indd 4                                                                                                                         9/23/16 3:06 PM
                       LEGENDARY BOAT PROTECTION.


                       1.800.PROGRESSIVE / PROGRESSIVE.COM
                                                             Progressive Casualty Ins. Co. & affiliates.




cr.fa15.ads.indd
 lu.fa16_ads.indd 15                                                                            7/23/15
                                                                                                 9/20/16 12:45
                                                                                                          12:38PM
                                                                                                               PM
lu.fa16.legendary_lund_Layout 1 9/22/16 5:48 PM Page 6




         GDY LU
           LEGENDARY LUND
            Story by Elli Thompson Purtell | Photos by Scott Pederson




                 Fishing Like a Renegade
                 The all-new Renegade series goes against the grain, giving bass and crappie
                 anglers a boat that truly sets them apart from the competition
                                                                                                                 aft integrated LED lighting adds safety and ambiance
                                                                                                                 to your pre-dawn fishing outings.
                                                                                                                     Storage abounds on the wide and spacious Rene-
                                                                                                                 gade. Deep compartments in the bow keep gear tucked
                                                                                                                 away for ample casting room. Under-seat storage pro-
                                                                                                                 vides additional space, and aft compartments with
                                                                                                                 drains fit up to six 3600 tackle trays. An integrated re-
                                                                                                                 movable cooler keeps beverages cold and close at hand.
                                                                                                                     Several rod storage areas add convenience to your
                                                                                                                 outings, as well. The port rod locker holds up to 8-foot
                                                                                                                 rods on the 1775 and up to 9-foot rods on the 1875. On-
                                                                                                                 the-go rod storage in the cockpit and on-deck rod
                                                                                                                 storage bungees keep your rods secure and at the ready.
                                                                                             1775 Renegade       A 30-gallon aft livewell with pump-out awaits your fish,
                                                                                                                 and the Crappie Option includes an additional bow
             A RENEGADE IS BOLD, UNAFRAID TO GO AGAINST THE NORM and courageous enough                           livewell.
             to do what feels right, no matter the consequences. And while renegades may get a bad rap,              Comfortable seating throughout includes bench
             those who believe in innovation see renegades as the heroes they are—heroes that proudly            seating with a fold-down center, and two standard fish
             march to the beat of their own drum.                                                                seats. The Crappie Option also includes multi-base
                 Lund has innovation in its blood, and the introduction of their new Renegade series reflects    seating in the bow.
             this. True to its name, the Renegade—available as a 1775 and 1875—defies expectations in
             the bass and crappie world, giving anglers a unique modified-V with the trusted stamp of            2075 Pro-V Bass/XS
             Lund quality. “The Renegade isn’t your typical bass or crappie boat, and we intended it that        A year after the highly successful launch of the 1875
             way,” says Dan Anonen, Lund’s product manager. “Fishermen get the best of both worlds when          Pro-V Bass, Lund is expanding the family with the
             it comes to hull design.”                                                                           2075 Pro-V Bass (bench seating) and 2075 Pro-V Bass
                 The Renegade features a modified-V hull, which promotes superior stability, tracking and        XS (pedestal seating).
             performance. A shallow draft (11.5” on the 1775 and 12” on the 1875), allows anglers to nose            With the same exceptional performance, maneuver-
             into the shallowest of water to target their species of choice. Unlike traditional bass boats,      ability and amenities as the 1875, the 2075 offers an
             however, the Renegade also benefits from the same longitudinal structure of Lund’s deep-V           extra two feet of onboard space. The large bow casting
             models. Lund’s IPS™ hull technology provides unmatched control and a smoother, drier ride.          deck creates ample casting room, with deep storage, a
             In addition, a flat center pad delivers maximum lift for reduced drag and higher top speeds.        built-in cooler and a 3-tier center rod locker with room
             Reverse chines provide improved cornering capability and stability when moving around the           for up to 15 rods conveniently tucked away underneath.
             boat, and a full-length center keel improves tracking and maneuverability.                              Plentiful storage across the 2075 includes pop-up
                 “Lund boats are famous for the quality and superiority of their hull design,” Dan says. “We     tackle storage, multiple aft storage compartments,
             look forward to delivering those benefits to the bass and crappie market in a boat these an-        and convenient cubbies in the cockpit. A 28-gallon
             glers will feel at home in.”                                                                        aft livewell with pump-out makes this boat ideal for
                 Based on hull quality alone, the Renegade is turncoat to traditional bass and crappie boats     tournaments, and an optional ski pylon makes it
             that saturate the market. But it’s also turn-key, with all the bells and whistles to help anglers   family-friendly. (Turn to page 20 to read about a Lund
             get on the fish once they get to the right spot. A sporty and durable fiberglass console holds      Pro who uses his brand-new 2075 Pro-V Bass XS for
             flush-mount fishfinders and other electronics, and an optional kicker stereo delivers music on-     both purposes.)
             board when you’re not quietly pursuing a trophy bass. Sport Trak™/Pro Trak™ accessory
                                                                                                                 To learn more about the Renegade family and the new
             mounts along the gunnel easily hold your rods, and travel covers protect your boat. Bow and         2075 Pro-V Bass/XS, turn to page 30 and page 8 of the
                                                                                                                 catalog, respectively.


      6 | LUND                                                                                                                                  www.lundboats.com
lu.fa16.legendary_lund_Layout 1 9/22/16 5:49 PM Page 7




                                                          2075 Pro-V Bass XS




            Unlike traditional bass boats, the Renegade
             also benefits from the same longitudinal
                structure of Lund’s deep-V models.



                                                                1875 Renegade




                                                                1775 Renegade




        2075 Pro-V Bass XS
                  GUNNING




lu.fa16.Jackson.indd 8   9/22/16 5:41 PM
G             FOR GAR
               LUND PRO STAFF MEMBER ROB JACKSON GUIDES
               ANGLERS TO ANCIENT FISH WITH MODERN SKILL.
                             STORY BY ALEXA M. POTEET | PHOTOS PROVIDED BY ROB JACKSON




    lu.fa16.Jackson.indd 9                                                               9/22/16 5:41 PM
                          THE LONG NOSE AND SNAGGLE-TOOTHED
                          GRIN OF THE GAR HAS LURED MANY
                          FISHERMEN TO EASTERN ONTARIO.
                          But it’s safe to say the wisest of them seek out Lund Pro Staff member Rob “RJ”
                          Jackson and his wife, Kim aka “Birdee.” With more than 25 years of experience
                          under their belts, these gar-seekers and their guide business, RJnBirdee’s Outdoor
                          Adventures, have made a serious splash in the Canadian fishing scene. While the
                          duo started their website in 2009 to share myriad fishing and hunting reports, word
                          of their on-water prowess quickly spread. Before long they were well-respected
                          guides, partnering with some of the best companies in the fishing industry—Lund,
                          Shimano, Vexilar, G.Loomis and Navionics. RJ shares, “Building a reputation as
                          an operation that provides a great fishing experience takes time, but it came to-
                          gether quick for us. Almost too quick!”




     10 | LUND                                                                                                  www.lundboats.com




lu.fa16.Jackson.indd 10                                                                                                       9/22/16 5:41 PM
            RJ’s popularity is easy to understand when      smallmouth and largemouth bass, pike, lake
         you consider his path to guidehood. His dad        trout, crappie, carp and catfish. “The greatest
         introduced him to fishing on the banks of          reward of guiding is giving a client an experi-
         the Ottawa River during the summer as a            ence on the water that they might not be able
         young boy, and his passion for angling grew        to replicate on their own and seeing their reac-    “Getting to
         as he did. As an adult, RJ fished the local        tion,” RJ says. “I enjoy watching someone get
         tournament series for a few years before re-       that experience with a particular fish much         experience
         alizing that he needed a change. “I always felt
         tied down by the tournament life,” RJ says.
                                                            more than if I were the one holding the rod. It’s
                                                            very rewarding.” And while clients love to fish
                                                                                                                people’s reactions
         “Having to fish certain places on specific days    all species with RJ and Birdee, their “Longnose     to these fish is
         when I always felt I’d have much more fun if I     Gar Experience” is an oft-requested offering.
         were doing something somewhere else. Being            For the “experience,” RJ employs an en-          always a treat.
         a multispecies angler, I was struggling being      viable 202 Pro-V GL with a 250 Mercury ®
         interested in fishing for one species for weeks    Verado engine and a 15 pro kicker. “The ride        They are like no
         and weeks on end.”
            Today, he’s solved that problem and is living
                                                            of the fiberglass boat is unreal,” he says. “Both
                                                            my clients and myself really enjoy it on those
                                                                                                                other fish, ranging
         his dream on the productive waters of Eastern
         Ontario, where he guides for nearly everything
                                                            not-so-nice days on the water. Plus, the full
                                                            top canopy provides shelter from rain as well
                                                                                                                from beautiful
         that swims: his beloved gar as well as muskie,     as blistering sun on hot days.” A consummate        to bizarre.”


         www.lundboats.com                                                                                                       LUND | 11




lu.fa16.Jackson.indd 11                                                                                                            9/22/16 5:41 PM
         Lund man, he’s also run a 1775 Pro-V and a
         197 Pro-V GL in the past, both of which have
         performed “flawlessly.” A few adaptations to
         the 202 have given him a competitive edge for
         gar fishing. “On all my Lunds for chasing gar,
         I’ve installed a platform on the bow,” he says.
         “Gar is a 100% sightfishing deal. Having that
         platform on the bow for us to stand on allows
         us to see that much farther out into the water.
         Especially on days with less-than-perfect condi-
         tions, it really helps.”
            RJnBirdee’s gar trips are usually about six
         hours long, setting out around 10 a.m. just in
         time to capitalize on the gar’s midday pursuit of
         vitamin D. “Gar are sunseekers that will come
         to the surface to sunbathe in the middle of the
         day,” RJ explains. “Perfect conditions are flat,
         calm, sunny days.” He likes to take clients to
         patrol the shallows of the Ottawa River using
         an electric trolling motor, where he finds that     kids and the gar, as it’s very dependent on cast-    150 feet of water jigging lake trout, to trolling
         presenting crankbaits to the eager gar results      ing accuracy,” he confides. “In some cases, kids     for muskies on weedlines. Their layout and
         in lots of strikes. His favorite part, though?      struggle with that.” Turns out that this young       performance fit my needs perfectly.” Guiding
         The expression on people’s faces as they reel in    angler was about to surprise his veteran guide.      aside, one could say that the boat itself is also
         the prehistoric beasts. “Getting to experience      “This young kid blew me away,” RJ says. “He          the fulfillment of a dream for RJ. As a kid, he
         people’s reactions to these fish is always a        landed a 4-footer right away, and by day’s end he    remembers walking around boat shows, flip-
         treat,” he grins. “They are like no other fish,     had landed 11 gar on his own up to 50 inches!”       ping through Lund catalogs for hours at home
         ranging from beautiful to bizarre.”                    RJ gives credit to his MVP, his Lund, for ex-     afterward. He’d spend all winter dreaming of
            Most memorably, a father-and-son duo drove       traordinary trips like this. He says, “In my eyes,   the day he could own one. “When I bought my
         five hours to spend the day hunting gar with        Lunds are the ultimate multispecies boats. I         first Pro-V, I immediately fell in love with it,” he
         RJ not too long ago. “I’m always leery about        can flip from two feet of water chasing gar, to      smiles. “She’s a special one to me that I still own




     12 | LUND                                                                                                                              www.lundboats.com




lu.fa16.Jackson.indd 12                                                                                                                                          9/23/16 1:12 PM
           “Being able to run the Lund Pro-V 202 GL has taken our
         business to another level, experience-wise, for our clients.”

         today.” It seems his clients, too, share that sense   the time Birdee landed her personal best muskie    just an added bonus. Plus, he wants anglers to
         of enchantment with the brand. “With the help         of 52 inches. On Sunday afternoons, he and his     know that when you have a Lund in tow, there’s
         of Pirate Cove Marina, being able to run the GL       family, including Birdee’s kids, Nick and Ariel,   no need to rein in your adventures or ambitions.
         series of boats has taken our business to another     like to hit the water for a swim or on-water          “These boats aren’t disposable the way cars
         level, experience-wise, for our clients,” he says.    picnic. A few times a year, RJ tries to take the   are made these days,” RJ says. “I constantly
         “It’s always a hoot to see their reactions when       boat out with his dad to Lake Ontario or Lake      hear of people running their 20- and 30-year-
         they walk down to the dock and see the 202 tied       St. Clair to experience some incredible fishing    old Lunds, and they don’t leak a drop! My 1775
         off waiting for them.”                                on the road. “Lake Ontario is only two hours       Pro-V has over 800 hours on it.” As for those
            The boats have expanded more than RJ’s             away, and I‘ve only scratched the surface of the   looking to emulate his gar success, his advice is
         business horizons, though. Personal memories          Eastern Basin’s potential,” he muses. The fact     pretty simple: “Take care of your Lund, and it
         have also been created on the Lunds, including        that his Lund turns heads when he trailers it is   will take care of you.”




         www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                 LUND | 13




lu.fa16.Jackson.indd 13                                                                                                                                       9/23/16 3:18 PM
                       KEEP
                      CALM AND

                       FISH
                          ON
                   BEST. WEEK.


     14 | LUND
                            EVER .
                                 www.lundboats.com




lu.fa16.Fish_Camp.indd 14                      9/22/16 5:51 PM
              LUND PROS AND FISHING ENTHUSIASTS MIX IT UP
              AT THE FIRST ANNUAL ULTIMATE FISHING CAMP ON
              MINNESOTA’S SERENE LEECH LAKE
              STORY BY NICK WELDON | PHOTOS PROVIDED BY RAWFISH CREATIVE GROUP




        www.lundboats.com                                                        LUND | 15




lu.fa16.Fish_Camp.indd 15                                                          9/22/16 5:51 PM
                    IT’S MORNING, 6:30 A.M.,
                    and you watch the early light brush the mist into the still-dark corners of the
                    lake. A loon wails in the distance. You cradle your coffee mug, feel its warmth,
                    and let your eyes drift from the sparkling fleet of boats bobbing in the harbor
                    to the horizon, to the blue gap between the evergreen bands that line the edges of
                    your vision.


                       Out there, somewhere, on one of those boats, you’ll hook            A luxe escape? Sure, in a way. But instead of caviar and
                    your first fish of the day. You’ll receive your first lesson from    pedicures, think prime rib and knot-tying exercises. Planer board
                    a seasoned pro. Later on, you’ll haul in, cheery and hungry,         demos. An opening address from “Mr. Walleye” Gary Roach, with
                    wash up and eat, swap some fish stories, and call it a night.        stories about how bursts of genius scrawled on napkins have
                    Then you’ll wake up and do it all again—except aboard a new          become game-changing Lund innovations that have made anglers
                    boat, with a new mentor, on a new adventure. You let your gaze       far and wide better at what they love to do. You know, the good
                    return to the boats, and you take in a lungful of pure northwoods    stuff. For inspiration, event organizer and LOA president Jason
                    air. So…which Lund do I get today?                                   Freed looked back to a simpler time.
                       Far from a daydream, this was the daily routine at the first        Leech Lake offers plenty to explore; in the so-called “Land of
                    annual Ultimate Fishing Camp, held this summer on Minnesota’s        10,000 Lakes” it is the third-largest, covering more than 112,000
                    Leech Lake. Guide service Leisure Outdoors Adventures and Lund       acres. Anglers from around Minnesota and beyond know it as a
                    Boats co-hosted the four-day, three-night getaway at the historic
                    Chase on the Lake resort in Walker, Minnesota, on the western        “When you go to camp as a kid you get to
                    edge of the sprawling body of water. Every day attendees ranging      experience and learn new things. That’s
                    from beginners to lifelong anglers enjoyed lengthy morning fishing    what this was all about. Learning from
                    sessions with Lund Pros, afternoon on-water technical seminars,
                    and evening discussion sessions, interspersed with stick-to-your-
                                                                                          the best and walking away with new in-
                    ribs meals, all included in the camp package.                                    formation and new friends.”


     16 | LUND                                                                                                                         www.lundboats.com




lu.fa16.Fish_Camp.indd 16                                                                                                                                    9/23/16 2:57 PM
                            Ultimate Fishing Camp included on-water
                               technical seminars each afternoon for
                                      anglers of all experience levels.




        www.lundboats.com                                                 LUND | 17




lu.fa16.Fish_Camp.indd 17                                                   9/22/16 5:51 PM
                        “Many people dream of being in one of these boats and have always
                       wondered what it’s like to fish in one and to try out all that technology.
                        Part of the excitement every morning was just being able to get in a
                         different boat and experience each one’s space, comfort and ride.”



                    multi-species haven, home to muskie, pike, bass, crappie and, of        In signing up, attendees could choose which species they wanted to
                    course, walleye, the state fish. To navigate its great expanse—      fish each day, so Ron, a self-proclaimed “walleye guy,” put the regional
                    and poke around whimsically named hotspots like Submarine            favorite at the top of his list. On his first day he got teamed with
                    Island and Ottertail Point—campers and their pro mentors             Lund Pro and walleye expert Perry Good. “We worked on a technique
                    had at their disposal a top-line Lund fleet. The eight pros on       I needed some tutoring on, a bottom-bouncer with a spinner and a
                    hand were spread across sparkling fiberglass Pro-V GLs and           crawler,” he says. “Not to brag or anything, but I caught four walleyes
                    fully outfitted aluminum boats including a 2075 Pro-V, a 2025        including a 26-incher, and Perry caught two! I did okay.”
                    Impact, and an 1875 Pro-V Bass boat. Each morning, guests got           Hoping to bone up on an unfamiliar species, Ron made bass his
                    aboard a new boat with a new pro, fishing a new species.             second choice. On day two he got set up with a different Lund Pro,
                       Ron Rupp, a 63-year-old engineering technician and owner of a     Ryan DeChaine, who helped the camp’s youngest attendee—a
                    1980s-era Lund, drove three hours from the Minneapolis area for      precocious 13-year-old boy—haul in photo-worthy largemouth bass
                    the camp, which he describes as a “bucket-list” opportunity.         the day before. “My bait-casting skills were absolutely zero,” Ron
                       “I’m checking out these boats with 250-hp, 300-hp motors that     says, “and after about a half-hour of Ryan telling me what to do
                    get from point A to point B without wasting any time, that have      with the magnetic clutch I caught half a largemouth—I didn’t set
                    the Lowrance electronics, the MotorGuide trolling motor,” he says.   the hook hard enough and it got off. But I was thrilled with my time
                    “It gave me the opportunity to get out with pros familiar with the   on the water because of Ryan’s coaching, as well as his equipment
                    equipment to see what it’s like.”                                    recommendations.”




     18 | LUND                                                                                                                              www.lundboats.com




lu.fa16.Fish_Camp.indd 18                                                                                                                                           9/23/16 2:58 PM
                 Morning fishing sessions broke for quick lunches at the resort, such
              as hamburgers with all the fixings, followed by on-water seminars
              with the Lund Pros. “We put the classroom on the boat,” Jason says.
                 Seminars included lessons on trolling basics with Ted Takasaki, the
              nuances of jig fishing plus a Humminbird demonstration with Tom
              Neustrom, and downsizing for pike and muskie with Billy Rosner.
                 The hands-on approach won over many fans. Cory Gallagher, a
              51-year-old customer service executive who also made a three-hour
              trek from Hutchinson, Minnesota, appreciated the little details
              like Ryan DeChaine’s session on knot varieties. “Knot-tying is
              something we take for granted, and I have lost several lures and
              fish over the years as a result,” Cory says. “The pros and LOA
              guides who taught during the camp were all humble, personable,
              regular guys who just love to fish.”
                 The pace of camp slowed in the evenings to allow the guests
              and pros to recharge, take in Chase on the Lake’s charming arts             Like a pillow mint, the refreshing token awaiting each guest at
              and crafts-style architecture, and have dinner in The 502, the            the end of every day was the next’s morning’s boat assignment. For
              resort’s waterfront restaurant. Idyllic summer days of sun and            Cory, a proud owner of a 2015 1775 Crossover XS, it was a nightly
              gentle breezes gave way to glowing golden sunsets that mirrored           refresher on how boating—and great boats—can bring people
              across the lake’s surface. After dinner each night, Jason moderated       together.
              roundtable question-and-answer sessions with rotating sets of               “Although we were only together for three nights and four days,
              Lund Pros. “Besides getting to learn things like their favorite           we all fished, connected and laughed together,” Cory says. “The
              tactics, guests got to hear about their backgrounds and how they          camp only confirmed that I made the right choice when I purchased
              got here,” Jason says. “People were able to kick back, relax and just     my boat—from a company in Lund that truly is engaged with their
              tell stories.”                                                            customers’ enjoyment of the product.”




        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                    LUND | 19




lu.fa16.Fish_Camp.indd 19                                                                                                                                       9/22/16 5:51 PM
lu.fa16.Winnipeg.indd 20   9/23/16 12:18 PM
                           CHANGE
                           FOR THE BETTER

                           BOBBY KALID TURNED HIS LOVE FOR FISHING FROM A HOBBY
                           TO A CAREER, PASSING HIS COMPETITIVE SPIRIT ALONG TO
                           HIS FOUR CHILDREN IN THE PROCESS.


                           STORY BY ELLI THOMPSON PURTELL :: PHOTOS PROVIDED BY BOBBY KALID




lu.fa16.Winnipeg.indd 21                                                                      9/23/16 12:18 PM
                           ASK BOBBY KALID WHAT HIS GREAT PASSIONS
                           ARE, AND HE’LL ANSWER WITHOUT SKIPPING A
                           BEAT: FAMILY AND FISHING.
                                      However, there was a time when his life looked      and took up fishing instead because I knew my
                                      very different, where a quiet afternoon on the      whole family could do it.”
                                      water was drowned out by the sound of a rev-           Someone with Bobby’s competitive fire, how-
                                      ving motorcycle engine. During his teens and        ever, doesn’t merely “take up” a hobby; he
                                      20s, Bobby lived for racing motorcycles, travel-    throws himself into it with energy and determi-
                                      ing across Canada to compete. Though he grew        nation. Bobby took on the role of hungry
                                      up fishing Sturgeon Creek near his hometown         student, poring over issues of In-Fisherman and
                                      of Winnipeg and the waters near his grandpar-       turning to Lund Pros Ron and Al Lindner of
                                      ents’ home in northern Manitoba, fishing was        Linder’s Angling Edge to gain as much knowl-
                                      an occasional pastime that always came second       edge as he could. He also participated in the
                                      to his beloved motorcycles.                         odd tournament or competition when the mood
                                         But when Bobby started a family in his late      struck.
                                      20s, he had to reevaluate. “Motorcycles became         As his children grew up and became more in-
                                      the things that could cause me a bit of danger,”    dependent, Bobby felt the familiar tug of
                                      Bobby says. “There’s the risk of not being able     competition. “My urge to compete wasn’t going
                                      to work if you have an accident. So, I gave it up   away,” he says. “I decided, I’ll sell all my




     22 | LUND                                                                                                   www.lundboats.com




lu.fa16.Winnipeg.indd 22                                                                                                            9/23/16 3:08 PM
        motorcycles, buy a bigger Lund, and I’ll start
        competing.”
           He soon found himself sucked into the
        competitive angling world, surprised by the
        level of intensity. “Other fishermen had been
        competing for 20 years by the time I started in
        my late 30s,” Bobby says. “But once I started
        doing it, I couldn’t get away from it.” The
        obsession with skill-building paid off, and in
        the fall of 2012, Lund approached Bobby to
        become a member of their Pro Staff.
           In the midst of this major transition, Bobby
        also made a fishing-focused career change. In
        2008, he had a steady job as a plumber for the
        government, but wasn’t entirely happy. He
        knew the owner of Winnipeg’s Pro-Am Tackle,
        who seemed to do nothing but complain about
        the store. “One day, I walked out of work, and I
        called him on it,” Bobby says. “I said ‘How
        much do you want for it?’ He gave me a num-
        ber, I came back the next day with the money,
        and I was the new owner of Pro-Am Tackle. It
        was a big career change for me.”
           Bobby’s youngest son, Brett (24), manages
        the store, and his oldest, Robbie (29), helps
        with the day-to-day operations. His daughter,
        Taylor (7), helps out with the other “family
        business”: fishing tournaments. Taylor devel-
        oped her love for the water at a very young age,
        hopping onboard her first Lund at 2 years old.
        After a few years, Bobby had the idea of bring-
        ing her along on tournaments.
           “The first time, I had the mindset that at
        least she’s coming,” Bobby says. “If we finish
        early, we finish early.” But Taylor stayed out
        the whole time, proving she had inherited the
        Kalid competitive gene. Since then, the duo has
        participated in several big tournaments on the
        Lund Trail, including the Kenora Walleye                                 “I like a boat where
        Classic, the Bronzeback Classic and the                                    you can not only
        Voyager Falls International. “We’re both com-
        peting when we’re out there,” Bobby says. “Her
                                                                                   fish in it, but also
        name is on the list of participants, and my rule                           hook up a ski pole
        is that she has to put in a little bit of effort
                                                                                   and go tubing. I
        every time.”
           Bobby’s choice in fishing boats has reflected                           always want a boat
        his life’s balance between family and serious                              that’s comfortable
        performance. He’s owned multiple Lunds—the
        Explorer, Baron, Impact and several Pro-Vs—                                for everybody.”
        preferring the tournament-style boats that
        have a spacious layout and incredible versatil-
        ity. “I like a boat where you can not only fish in

                                                             Courtesy of Grace Anne II Yacht & Lodge and Ontario Tourism



        www.lundboats.com                                                                                       LUND | 23




lu.fa16.Winnipeg.indd 23                                                                                           9/23/16 12:19 PM
                                                                                                                     “Everyone thinks
                                                                                                                       fishing is an
                                                                                                                       individual sport,
                                                                                                                       but it’s a team sport.
                                                                                                                       You can involve
                                                                                                                       your whole family,
                                                                                                                       and it teaches safety
                                                                                                                       and respect for the
                                                                                                                       outdoors.”




         it, but also hook up a ski pole and go tubing,” he says. “I always want a    red has turned heads on the tournament trail. “I have had to clean the
         boat that’s comfortable for everybody.”                                      drool off of it—it’s an eye catcher,” Bobby says. “Even the guys in the
            Recently, Bobby made his biggest upgrade yet to the brand-new 2075        glass bass boats are looking at it. I’ve had it sold three times in the last
         Pro-V Bass XS with a 250-hp Mercury Verado ® engine, and he raves            month.”
         about its performance and incredible fishability. “It has the set-back         For all Bobby’s intense moments on the competitive circuit, he appre-
         seating, the low freeboard, a high casting deck with very little interfer-   ciates his Lund and the sport of fishing in the quiet moments as well.
         ence when casting and flipping, and the ride is amazing, which is            Robbie and Brett both own Lund boats, and middle son Kelly (27) is a
         extremely important,” he says. “I have 30 hours on her already, and I’ve     passionate bass fishermen. When all the Kalids escape to their summer
         only had it for a month.”                                                    residence at the Lake of the Woods, the majority of their time is spent on
            He tested the Pro-V Bass in competition at the Bronzeback Classic in      the lake.
         Lake of the Woods this year. Winds kicked up a 24-inch chop, and when          “Everyone thinks fishing is an individual sport, but it’s a team sport,”
         he was running at 58 mph, he didn’t feel a bump. “I know what it’s like      Bobby says. “You can involve your whole family, and it teaches safety
         to ride rough,” he says. “But the performance and comfort on the Pro-V       and respect for the outdoors.”
         Bass is unreal. If I ever sell this one, I’ll get another.”                    And for the Kalids, it can also satisfy their natural pull toward the
            Beyond the performance aspects, Bobby’s Pro-V Bass in metal flake         thrill of competition.




     24 | LUND                                                                                                                           www.lundboats.com




lu.fa16.Winnipeg.indd 24                                                                                                                                    9/23/16 12:19 PM
                     2017
                      ALuminum, fiberglass And Jon Boats catalog




lu.fa16.ca_cover.indd 1                                            9/20/16 12:39 PM
                       FISHING AT ITS FINEST.
                       Before our boats leave the factory, before they ever touch water, we mark them with Lund’s name across the side. For
                       us, the mark isn’t a matter of decoration. It’s a symbol that recognizes a heritage of superior construction and unbeat-
                       able performance. Because from a distance, you might not be able to distinguish the IPS™ hull or the power strake
                       design, but you can see four letters across the side—four letters that represent 67 years of quality craftsmanship
                       by fishermen, for fishermen.
                       The next time you’re in a secluded cove with a line in the water, look at that mark on the side of your boat and know you’re
                       not just in a fishing boat. You’re in a Lund.




lu.fa16_intro.indd 2                                                                                                                                  9/20/16 11:05 AM
                       Contents
                       02 Superior Construction
                       03 Lund Technology
                       06 Pro-V
                       16 Baron
                       17 Tyee
                       22 Crossover
                       24 Sport Angler
                       25 Impact
                       28 Pro Guide
                       30 Renegade
                       32 Rebel
                       36 Fury
                       39 Outfitter
                       40 Alaskan
                       42 SSV
                       43 WC
                       44 A
                       45 Jon Boats
                       46 ProTrak
                       47 Options & Accessories
                       52 Colors
                       53	Fiberglass Features & Options
                       54 Standard & Optional
                           Equipment
                       58 Specifications
                       63 Lund Gear
                       63 Mercury Engines
                       64 Warranty




lu.fa16_intro.indd 1                              9/23/16 11:53 AM
            Two Hulls, One Tradition

                                                                   Lund’s hulls are made from fiberglass and aluminum—two
                                                                   very different materials. But our hulls aren’t defined by raw
                                                                   material. They’re defined by tradition, quality craftsmanship
                                                                   and meticulous standards. Because how the boat is made is
                                                                   just as important as what it’s made from.

                                                                   Both our aluminum and fiberglass hulls are derived from the same innovative
                                                                   design—Lund’s IPS™, IPS™2 and IPS™3 (Integrated Power Strake) technology.
                                                                   We’ve developed a construction process that incorporates the same industry-
                                                                   leading design into every hull that comes off the line.
                                                                       Our aluminum and fiberglass hulls expand your possibilities and offer a
                                                                   customizable experience. We take pride knowing that whatever material you
                                                                   choose—whether it’s the smooth and sleek fiberglass or rugged aluminum—you’re
                                                                   still in a Lund.


            FIBERGLASS
            The smooth finish and sleek coloration on Lund’s fiberglass boats come from precision molds developed at Lund. But beyond the
            distinctive fiberglass look, the molds also serve to ensure consistency in performance and durability in every fiberglass hull that
            comes off the line. True straightness within the composite fiberglass structure is guaranteed because the molds themselves have
            been optimized from the outset.


            ALUMINUM
            Lund’s aluminum hulls aren’t just built to perform at the highest level. They are built to maintain that unmatched handling through
            years of hard use. That starts by using the most durable raw aluminum in the industry. From there, our employees use cutting-edge
            shaping techniques to hand-piece together the IPS™ and IPS™ 2 hulls on every Lund. A boat may look similar in the showroom,
            but it’s what is under the floor that makes a Lund stand apart.

      2 | LUND                                                                                                              www.lundboats.com




lu.fa16_intro.indd 2                                                                                                                         9/23/16 10:38 AM
            A Job Well Done
                                             Lund’s pioneering work with livewells keeps
                                             your catch healthier and less prone to stress
                                             1 PROLONG PLUS The envy of the industry and the most
                                             technologically advanced system to ever hit the water,
                                             the ProLong Plus is designed with a freshwater pickup inte-
                                             grated into the bottom of the hull, where it forces a steady
                                             flow of water into the livewell while the boat is running.
                                             2 PROLONG This two-pump design keeps water fresher and
                                             fish calmer than any other in the industry. One pump fills
                                             and aerates the well from above the fish, while the other
                                             recirculates and injects fresh air via the Max-Air system for
                                             maximum oxygenation. 3 AERATED Lund’s high-quality
                                             aerated livewell features a single pump with a single-switch
                                             control. You also have the option of running the aerator
                                             pump continuously in manual mode, or intermittently in
                                             automatic mode when the model is equipped with a timer.
            1 PROLONG PLUS




            2 PROLONG            3 AERATED



            Captain’s Comforts
                                 1 2075/1900/1800 TYEE: COMMAND CONSOLE The 2075/1900/1800
                                 Tyees will amaze anglers with a fantastic set of features—for both fishing
                                 and comfort. The command console offers distinct style and an ergonomic
                                 layout where everything is closer at hand. 2 1750/1650 REBEL XS:
                                 HELM Anglers have everything at their disposal when at the helm of the
                                 1750/1650 Rebel XS. For starters, clear, easy-to-read gauges make it
                                 effortless to check fuel, tach and speed while underway. Helm toggles
           1                 2   are right within reach, as is a spacious and protective cell-phone holder.


       www.lundboats.com
        www.lundboats.com                                                                             LUND| 3
                                                                                                     LUND   |3




lu.fa16_intro.indd 3                                                                                    9/22/16 2:55 PM
            Smooth Operator

            Sometimes you’re only as good as the boat you fish in. If you
            can’t maintain your position while fishing, your chances for hook-
            ing that fish of a lifetime decrease significantly. Thankfully,
            Lund boats have been meticulously engineered and constructed
            to deliver unmatched control that allows you to outperform the
            competition every time.
                At the core of it all is Lund’s exclusive IPS™ (Integrated
            Power Strake), IPS™2 and IPS™3 hull designs. The IPS system
            utilizes a pronounced center keel that helps maintain ultimate
            boat control. At the back of the hull, water hits a flat pad,
            which greatly reduces churn. The non-turbulent water creates
            less motor strain and, ultimately, delivers better performance.
                Wide reverse chines allow for precise cornering maneuvers
            and overall better control. They allow the boat to get on plane
            quicker and improve holeshot, as well. Finally, a wider foot-
            print enhances onboard stability.
                IPS integrates all of these features into a cohesive system
            that provides anglers with better backtrolling, superior drift
            control and more precise boat positioning. Simply put, Lund
            boats deliver a better, faster, higher, smoother and drier ride.


                                                                                            1875 Pro-V Bass shown




                                                                                 1 Lund Boats track like a train
                                                                                 on rails, when trolling forward or
                                                                                 backward, to maintain your desired
                                                                                 position at any time. 2 Additional
                                                                                 strakes on the IPS™2 hull provide
                                                                                 more control to enhance tracking
                                                                                 ability and give you the competi-
                                                                                 tive advantage. 3 Reverse chines
                                                                                 add an additional dimension to
                                                                                 boat control. They not only provide
                                                                                 added stability, but also additional
                                                                                 edges to cut water and stay on top
                                                                                 of the fish. 4 Lund’s pronounced
                                                                                 center keel works to eliminate
                                                                                 cross drift, making it easy to stay
                                                                                 in complete control and reduce
                                                                                 battery and human fatigue.




      4 | LUND                                                                                 www.lundboats.com




lu.fa16_intro.indd 4                                                                                                9/23/16 11:53 AM
            Superior Flotation
            Lund engineers strive to design hulls that can endure the most extreme
            conditions. One of those extremes? A hull riddled with dozens of gap-
            ing holes—66 to be exact. The engineers gouged into the aluminum
            around the entire frame of their “holey” boat and launched it onto
            the water. The boat not only stayed afloat, it maintained stability and
            performance at high speeds when on plane, allowing the engineers to
            safely return to land with little more than damp shoes.
                The secret to Lund’s superior flotation, even when taking on water,
            is strategically injected foam that meets and exceeds Coast Guard
            regulations. The buoyant material lining the inside of the hull ensures
            superior stability and flotation under extreme stress. For more infor-
            mation on Lund’s flotation compliance process and to see videos of
            the “holey” boat, visit www.lundboats.com.




         www.lundboats.com                                                            LUND | 5




lu.fa16_intro.indd 5                                                                    9/22/16 2:55 PM
                                                                                                           Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                             or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                                                                                                AWC
                                                                                                           Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                                     1                                              2




                                                                                                     3                                              4
                                                                                                                                                     1 Side tackle tray storage holds
                                                                                                                                                     up to 14 trays 2 Optional ski pylon
                                                                                                                                                     3 The sleek command console
                                                                                                                                                     comes with optional flush-mount
                                                                                                                                                     fish locator 4 In-deck rod storage
                                                                                                                                                     with room for 15 rods
                                                                                                                                                     5 Optional aft deck extension


                                                                                                     5


                                    SPECIFICATIONS
                                                          IPS™ 2       Approximate    Maximum        Transom          Fuel            Livewell      Rod Storage     Seat          Seat
                                    Length     Beam
                                                       Chine Width       Weight         HP            Height          Tank            Systems        Capacity     Pedestals      Bases
                             2175    21'10"    102"        89.25"        2300 lbs.          350           25"         66 gal      Bow 27"/12 gal    7'11"–10'0"    4 Air Ride      6
                                                                                                                                   Aft 51"/25 gal

                             2075    20'10"    102"        89.25"        2150 lbs.          300           25"         56 gal      Bow 27"/12 gal     7'11"–9'0"    4 Air Ride      6
                                                                                                                                   Aft 51"/25 gal
        2175          2075
                                     Storage    Livewell    Baitwell   Seats   Seat Bases     Fuel Tank     Cooler
     6 | LUND                                                                                                                                               www.lundboats.com




lu.fa16_ProV.indd 6                                                                                                                                                                9/23/16 11:38 AM
                                        Boats may show factory and/
                                        or dealer installed options.
                                        Please see dealer for details.




         1                                        2




         3                                        4
        1 Center rod storage 2 Starboard
        on-deck rod straps come standard
        3 Removable aft storage pods for
        all your gear 4 Recessed switch
        panel for more seamless control
        5 33-gallon aft ProLong Plus
        livewell/baitwell

                                                  5


                                                                                                                                           SPECIFICATIONS
                                IPS™ 3         Approximate               Maximum   Transom    Fuel          Livewell         Rod Storage      Seat         Seat
          Length      Beam
                             Chine Width         Weight                    HP       Height    Tank          Systems           Capacity      Pedestals     Bases
           21'9"      102"      87.5"             3000 lbs.                350       25"      60 gal    Bow 20 gal/30.5"      8'0"–9'0"     4 Air Ride      7        219
                                                                                                         Aft 33 gal/51"

           20'2"      102"      87.5"             2700 lbs.                300       25"      60 gal     Bow 20 gal/31"       7'0"–8'0"     4 Air Ride      8        202
                                                                                                         Aft 33 gal/51"
                                                                                                                                                                           219   202
                                                                                           Storage     Livewell   Baitwell      Seats     Seat Bases     Fuel Tank
        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                        Lund | 7




lu.fa16_ProV.indd 7                                                                                                                                                               9/21/16 4:44 PM
                                                                                             Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                               or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                                                                                AWC
                                                                                             Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                       1                                              2




                                                                                       3                                              4
                                                                                                                                       1 Command console with optional
                                                                                                                                       port console and fold-down middle
                                                                                                                                       bench seat 2 Bow panel for flush-
                                                                                                                                       mount graph 3 Hassle-free pull-out
                                                                                                                                       fishing ruler for easy measuring
                                                                                                                                       4 In-deck bow storage holds plenty
                                                                                                                                       of gear 5 36-inch, 28-gallon live-
                                                                                                                                       well with pump-out system

                                                                                       5


                       SPECIFICATIONS
                                             IPS™ 2      Approximate    Maximum        Transom          Fuel            Livewell      Rod Storage     Seat        Seat
                       Length     Beam
                                          Chine Width      Weight         HP            Height          Tank            Systems        Capacity     Pedestals    Bases
                        20'10"    96"         81.5"        1850 lbs.          250           25"         45 gal       Aft 36"/28 gal    8'0"–10'0"    3 bench       3
                                                                                                                                                      1 bike




                        Storage    Livewell   Baitwell   Seats   Seat Bases     Fuel Tank     Cooler
     8 | LUND                                                                                                                                 www.lundboats.com




lu.fa16_ProV2.indd 8                                                                                                                                                9/22/16 2:58 PM
            AWC                                            Boats may show factory and/
                                                           or dealer installed options.
                                                           Please see dealer for details.




         1                                     2




         3                                     4
        1 Optional kicker radio brings
        music onboard 2 Ergonomic con-
        sole puts control at the captain's
        fingertips 3 Optional port console
        with lock box for your valuables
        4 Pedestal seating with optional
        ski pylon 5 Center rod locker holds
        15 rods
                                               5


                                                                                                                                            SPECIFICATIONS
                                IPS™ 3        Approximate      Maximum            Transom      Fuel         Livewell       Rod Storage         Seat         Seat
          Length      Beam
                             Chine Width        Weight           HP                Height      Tank         Systems         Capacity         Pedestals     Bases
          20'10"      96"        81.5"         1850 lbs.            250               25"      45 gal     Aft 36"/28 gal      8'0"–10'0"     2 Pro Ride      5
                                                                                                                                               2 bike



                                                                                                                                                                      2075
                                                                                            Storage     Livewell   Baitwell     Seats      Seat Bases     Fuel Tank
        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                    Lund | 9




lu.fa16_ProV.indd 9                                                                                                                                                           9/23/16 10:40 AM
                                                                                                           Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                             or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                           Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                       1                                         2




                                                                                       3                                         4
                                                                                                                                    1 Integrated tool holder for all your
                                                                                                                                    important equipment 2 Deep bow
                                                                                                                                    storage compartments 3 Lockable
                                                                                                                                    rod storage holds up to 11 rods (8'0")
                                                                                                                                    4 Built-in tackle tray storage
                                                                                                                                    5 Recessed bow gunnel storage
                                                                                                                                    with net


                                                                                       5


                       SPECIFICATIONS
                                             IPS™ 2      Approximate    Maximum        Transom    Fuel       Livewell            Rod Storage        Seat          Seat
                       Length     Beam
                                          Chine Width      Weight         HP            Height    Tank       Systems              Capacity        Pedestals      Bases
                        20'8"     96"         87"          2400 lbs.          250           25"   60 gal   Bow 31"/13 gal           6'6"–8'0"      4 Air Ride      6
                                                                                                           Aft 51"/26 gal




                        Storage    Livewell   Baitwell   Seats   Seat Bases     Fuel Tank
     10 | LUND                                                                                                                              www.lundboats.com




lu.fa16_ProV.indd 10                                                                                                                                               9/20/16 11:34 AM
            AWC                                           Boats may show factory and/
                                                          or dealer installed options.
                                                          Please see dealer for details.




         1                                    2




         3                                    4
                                                  1 Aft storage extension option
                                                  2 Sleek side console comes with
                                                  optional fish locator 3 Storage with
                                                  Advanced Water Control keeps your
                                                  gear drier 4 Optional side rod tubes
                                                  offer quick access 5 Optional flip
                                                  seat adds seating and deck space

         5


                                                                                                                                              SPECIFICATIONS
                                  IPS™ 2     Approximate      Maximum            Transom           Fuel          Livewell       Rod Storage     Seat        Seat
          Length        Beam
                               Chine Width     Weight           HP                Height           Tank          Systems         Capacity     Pedestals    Bases
          19'10"        100"     87.25"       1940 lbs.            225                25"          42 gal   Bow 27"/11 gal       7'0"–8'0"    4 Air Ride    6
                                                                                                             Aft 42"/22 gal




                                              Storage     Livewell       Baitwell          Seats    Seat Bases      Fuel Tank
        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                          Lund | 11




lu.fa16_ProV2.indd 11                                                                                                                                                9/22/16 2:59 PM
                                                                                                           Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                             or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                                                                                                 AWC
                                                                                                           Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                                     1                                             2




                                                                                                     3                                             4
                                                                                                                                                   1 Optional flip seat provides
                                                                                                                                                   convenient comfort 2 Under-console
                                                                                                                                                   drawers hold up to 10 tackle trays
                                                                                                                                                   3 In-deck rod locker holds up to 15
                                                                                                                                                   rods: 8' (5) 7'6" (5) 7' (5) 4 Optional
                                                                                                                                                   ski pylon for watersports action
                                                                                                                                                   5 Optional aft storage and
                                                                                                                                                   splash-well inserts
                                                                                                      5


                                                                                                                                                                  SPECIFICATIONS
                                                          IPS™ 2       Approximate    Maximum        Transom          Fuel            Livewell     Rod Storage        Seat         Seat
                                     Length    Beam
                                                       Chine Width       Weight         HP            Height          Tank            Systems       Capacity        Pedestals     Bases
                            IFS/SE   18'10"    97"         83.75"        1600 lbs.          200           25"        42 gal       Bow 33"/16 gal     7'0"-8'0"      3 Air Ride       6
                                                                                                                                  Aft 40"/18 gal



                   IFS/SE
                                     Storage    Livewell    Baitwell   Seats   Seat Bases     Fuel Tank
     12 | LUND                                                                                                                                               www.lundboats.com




lu.fa16_ProV2.indd 12                                                                                                                                                                 9/22/16 2:59 PM
            AWC                                              Boats may show factory and/
                                                             or dealer installed options.
                                                             Please see dealer for details.




         1                                       2




         3                                       4
        1 36"/28 gal aft livewell with pumpout
        holds all your catches 2 Aft pop-up
        tackle storage adds convenience
        3 Optional ski pylon invites water-
        sports action 4 In-deck rod locker
        holds 15 rods up to 9' 5 Under-bench
        seating storage tucks gear away

                                                 5


         SPECIFICATIONS
                                 IPS™ 2      Approximate         Maximum            Transom         Fuel       Livewell        Rod Storage        Seat         Seat
          Length       Beam
                              Chine Width      Weight              HP                Height         Tank       Systems          Capacity        Pedestals     Bases
           18'9"       96"       81.5"           1475 lbs.            200                25"        36 gal   Aft 36"/28 gal     8'4"–9'0"        3 bench        3
                                                                                                                                                  1 bike




        www.lundboats.com                                                                      Storage   Livewell   Baitwell    Seats       Seat Bases     Fuel Tank   Lund | 13




lu.fa16_ProV.indd 13                                                                                                                                                    9/21/16 12:04 PM
                                                                                             Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                               or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                                                                                   AWC
                                                                                             Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                       1                                              2




                                                                                       3                                              4
                                                                                                                                       1 Bow command area features tool
                                                                                                                                       holder and trim switch 2 The XS
                                                                                                                                       layout provides flip seats and optional
                                                                                                                                       ski pylon 3 Removable port console
                                                                                                                                       option 4 Command console with
                                                                                                                                       flush-mount graph options 5 Large
                                                                                                                                       storage compartments keep the bow
                                                                                                                                       clutter-free
                                                                                       5


                       SPECIFICATIONS
                                             IPS™ 2      Approximate    Maximum        Transom          Fuel            Livewell      Rod Storage       Seat         Seat
                       Length     Beam
                                          Chine Width      Weight         HP            Height          Tank            Systems        Capacity       Pedestals     Bases
                        18'9"     96"         81.5"        1475 lbs.          200           25"         36 gal       Aft 36"/28 gal    8'4"–9'0"      2 pro ride       3
                                                                                                                                                       1 bike




                        Storage    Livewell   Baitwell   Seats   Seat Bases     Fuel Tank
     14 | LUND                                                                                                                                www.lundboats.com




lu.fa16_ProV.indd 14                                                                                                                                                   9/23/16 11:39 AM
                                         Boats may show factory and/
                                         or dealer installed options.
                                         Please see dealer for details.




         1                                         2




         3                                         4
        1 Ample port bow storage holds gear
        2 Console with flush-mount option
        3 Removable port-side bin for
        onboard flexibility 4 Center rod
        storage for 15 rods 5 12-gallon bow
        livewell keeps fish fresh



                                                   5


                                                                                                                                           SPECIFICATIONS
                                 IPS™ 2         Approximate               Maximum   Transom    Fuel         Livewell        Rod Storage       Seat         Seat
          Length       Beam
                              Chine Width         Weight                    HP       Height    Tank         Systems          Capacity       Pedestals     Bases
           18'9"       102"     82.75"             2100 lbs.                200       25"      38 gal    Bow 12 gal/24.5"     7'0"–8'0"     3 Air Ride      7
                                                                                                          Aft 22 gal/46"




                                                                                            Storage     Livewell   Baitwell    Seats      Seat Bases     Fuel Tank
        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                            Lund | 15




lu.fa16_ProV.indd 15                                                                                                                                                   9/23/16 3:40 PM
                                                                                                                 Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                                   or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                                 Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                             1                                         2




                                                                                             3                                         4
                                                                                                                                       1 24-gallon 38" livewell for the
                                                                                                                                       day’s catch 2 Bow offers
                                                                                                                                       additional room and storage
                                                                                                                                       3 Integrated aft flip-up seats
                                                                                                                                       offer additional seating
                                                                                                                                       4 Starboard rod storage for
                                                                                                                                       four rods up to 10' 5 Port
                                                                                                                                       console drawer
                                                                                             5


                             SPECIFICATIONS
                                                   IPS™ 2      Approximate    Maximum        Transom    Fuel       Livewell            Rod Storage        Seat         Seat
                             Length     Beam
                                                Chine Width      Weight         HP            Height    Tank       Systems              Capacity        Pedestals     Bases
                              22'9      102"        89"          2450 lbs.          350           25"   70 gal   Bow 25"/9 gal           8'6"–10'0"      3 solid/         8
                                                                                                                 Aft 38"/24 gal                         1 Air Ride




                              Storage    Livewell   Baitwell   Seats   Seat Bases     Fuel Tank
     16 | LUND                                                                                                                                    www.lundboats.com




lu.fa16_Baron_Tyee.indd 16                                                                                                                                                9/20/16 11:47 AM
                                           Boat shown with optional Premium graphics.
                                           Boats may show factory and/or dealer installed options.
                                           Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                                                                                                            Boat shown with optional Premium graphics.

        1                                            2




        3                                            4
        1 Port rod storage keeps rods close
        at hand 2 Port console provides
        additional storage and protection
        from the elements 3 15-gallon,
        37" livewell for ultimate fishability
        4 Bow contains multiple storage
        compartments 5 Expansive rod
        storage from 8'6"–10'6"
                                                     5


                                                                                                                                                     SPECIFICATIONS
                                 IPS™ 2          Approximate           Maximum           Transom        Fuel         Livewell       Rod Storage         Seat         Seat
         Length      Beam
                              Chine Width          Weight                HP               Height        Tank         Systems         Capacity         Pedestals     Bases
           20'8"     99.5"         87.5"            1920 lbs.               250               25"       50 gal     Aft 37"/15 gal      8'6"–10'6"      3 solid/       5
                                                                                                                                                      1 Air Ride




                                                                                                     Storage     Livewell   Baitwell     Seats      Seat Bases     Fuel Tank
        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                                                     Lund | 17




lu.fa16_Baron_Tyee.indd 17                                                                                                                                                                                       9/26/16 10:13 AM
                                                                                                                 Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                                   or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                                 Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                             1                                         2




                                                                                             3                                         4
                                                                                                                                       1 Integrated flip ski pylon holder
                                                                                                                                       and top hider 2 Bow battery storage
                                                                                                                                       for 3 batteries and charger 3 Center
                                                                                                                                       tackle storage within easy reach of
                                                                                                                                       passenger and driver consoles
                                                                                                                                       4 Fully equipped instrumentation
                                                                                                                                       provides superior control at the
                                                                                                                                       console 5 Lockable 8'0" center rod
                                                                                                                                       storage holds 10 rods
                                                                                             5


                             SPECIFICATIONS
                                                   IPS™ 2      Approximate    Maximum        Transom    Fuel       Livewell            Rod Storage        Seat        Seat
                             Length     Beam
                                                Chine Width      Weight         HP            Height    Tank       Systems              Capacity        Pedestals    Bases
                              20'8"     99.5"       87.5"        1980 lbs.          250           25"   50 gal   Bow 25"/9 gal            7'6"–8'0"      3 solid/       6
                                                                                                                 Aft 38"/24 gal                         1 Air Ride




                              Storage    Livewell   Baitwell   Seats   Seat Bases     Fuel Tank
     18 | LUND                                                                                                                                    www.lundboats.com




lu.fa16_Baron_Tyee.indd 18                                                                                                                                              9/20/16 11:47 AM
                                           Boats may show factory and/
                                           or dealer installed options.
                                           Please see dealer for details.




        1                                            2




        3                                            4
        1 16-gallon, 31" aft livewell/baitwell to
        keep your trophies fresh 2 Ergonomic
        helm with full instrumentation keeps
        you in command 3 Standard flip-up
        seats with ski pylon option
        4 Lockable in-floor storage for longer
        rods and watersports accessories
        5 Bow casting platform opens to
        reveal massive storage compartments          5


                                                                                                                                               SPECIFICATIONS
                                 IPS™ 2             Approximate             Maximum   Transom      Fuel         Livewell       Rod Storage        Seat         Seat
         Length      Beam
                              Chine Width             Weight                  HP       Height      Tank         Systems         Capacity        Pedestals     Bases
           20'8"      96"           87"              2500 lbs.                300       25"        50 gal    Bow 21"/8.5 gal      7'6"–8'0"     4 Air Ride      7
                                                                                                              Aft 31"/16 gal




                                                                                                Storage     Livewell   Baitwell    Seats      Seat Bases     Fuel Tank
        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                Lund | 19




lu.fa16_Baron_Tyee.indd 19                                                                                                                                                9/23/16 11:44 AM
                                                                                                                         Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                                           or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                                         Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                                     1                                         2




                                                                                                     3                                         4
                                                                                                                                               1 Standard aft flip-up seats convert
                                                                                                                                               to casting platform 2 A boarding
                                                                                                                                               ladder provides easy access to the
                                                                                                                                               water for swimmers 3 Integrated
                                                                                                                                               instrumentation provides precise
                                                                                                                                               positioning 4 Lockable in-floor rod
                                                                                                                                               storage holds 10 rods: (4) 8'0";
                                                                                                                                               (6) 7'6" 5 Bow storage compartments
                                                                                                                                               for extra gear
                                                                                                     5


                                     SPECIFICATIONS
                                                           IPS™ 2      Approximate    Maximum        Transom    Fuel       Livewell            Rod Storage       Seat        Seat
                                     Length     Beam
                                                        Chine Width      Weight         HP            Height    Tank       Systems              Capacity       Pedestals    Bases
                              1900    19'1"     98"         86.5"        1600 lbs.          200           25"   40 gal   Bow 25"/9 gal            7'6"–8'0"      3 solid       6
                                                                                                                         Aft 38"/24 gal

                              1800    18'1"     95"         82"          1400 lbs.          175           25"   27 gal   Bow 25"/9 gal            7'6"–8'0"      3 solid       6
                                                                                                                         Aft 38"/24 gal
          1900         1800
                                      Storage    Livewell   Baitwell   Seats   Seat Bases     Fuel Tank
     20 | LUND                                                                                                                                            www.lundboats.com




lu.fa16_Baron_Tyee.indd 20                                                                                                                                                      9/22/16 3:39 PM
                                           Boats may show factory and/
                                           or dealer installed options.
                                           Please see dealer for details.




        1                                            2




        3                                            4
        1 16-gallon, 31" aft livewell/baitwell to
        keep your trophies fresh 2 Ergonomic
        helm with full instrumentation keeps
        you in command 3 Standard flip-up
        seats with ski pylon option
        4 Lockable in-floor storage for longer
        rods and watersports accessories
        5 Bow casting platform opens to
        reveal massive storage compartments          5


                                                                                                                                              SPECIFICATIONS
                                 IPS™ 2             Approximate             Maximum   Transom      Fuel         Livewell       Rod Storage       Seat         Seat
         Length      Beam
                              Chine Width             Weight                  HP       Height      Tank         Systems         Capacity       Pedestals     Bases
           18'9"     102"         82.75"             2100 lbs.                200       25"        38 gal    Bow 8.5 gal/21"      7'0"         3 Air Ride      7
                                                                                                              Aft 16 gal/31"




                                                                                                Storage     Livewell   Baitwell   Seats      Seat Bases     Fuel Tank
        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                               Lund | 21




lu.fa16_Baron_Tyee.indd 21                                                                                                                                                9/23/16 3:46 PM
                                                                                                                          Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                                            or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                                          Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                                      1                                         2




                                                                                                      3                                         4
                                                                                                                                                1 Telescoping ladder for easy
                                                                                                                                                boarding 2 Underseat flip storage
                                                                                                                                                for the optional ski pylon and
                                                                                                                                                optional top 3 Center rod locker
                                                                                                                                                stores 5 rods 4 Well-appointed
                                                                                                                                                console provides serious control
                                                                                                                                                5 Ample side storage holds
                                                                                                                                                watersports gear
                                                                                                      5


                                      SPECIFICATIONS
                                                            IPS™        Approximate    Maximum        Transom    Fuel       Livewell            Rod Storage       Seat         Seat
                                      Length     Beam
                                                         Chine Width      Weight         HP            Height    Tank       Systems              Capacity       Pedestals     Bases
                               1875    18'10"    95"         82"          1558 lbs.          175           25"   32 gal   Aft 38"/24 gal           6'0"–7'0"      3 solid       6


                               1775    17'10"    95"         82"          1450 lbs.          150           25"   26 gal   Aft 38"/24 gal           6'0"–7'0"      3 solid       6

          1875          1775
                                       Storage    Livewell   Baitwell   Seats   Seat Bases     Fuel Tank
     22 | LUND                                                                                                                                             www.lundboats.com




lu.fa16_Crossover.indd 22                                                                                                                                                       9/20/16 11:51 AM
                                        Boats may show factory and/
                                        or dealer installed options.
                                        Please see dealer for details.




         1                                        2




         3                                        4
        1 In-floor storage stows all
        equipment easily 2 Comfortable
        ProRide seating 3 Four-step
        ladder provides easy water access
        4 Optional bow cushions for
        added comfort 5 Command console
        with easy-to-read instrumentation

                                                  5


                                                                                                                                            SPECIFICATIONS
                                IPS™           Approximate               Maximum   Transom      Fuel         Livewell       Rod Storage        Seat        Seat
          Length     Beam
                             Chine Width         Weight                    HP       Height      Tank         Systems         Capacity        Pedestals    Bases
          16'10"       92"      79.5"             1389 lbs.                115       25"        19 gal     Aft 38"/24 gal      6'6"–8'0"       2 solid      5




                                                                                             Storage     Livewell   Baitwell    Seats      Seat Bases    Fuel Tank
        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                            Lund | 23




lu.fa16_Crossover.indd 23                                                                                                                                              9/20/16 11:51 AM
                                                                                                                                Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                                                  or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                                                Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                                            1                                         2




                                                                                                            3                                         4
                                                                                                                                                      1 Vertical rod storage on transom
                                                                                                                                                      holds five rods 2 Lockable glove box
                                                                                                                                                      secures valuables 3 Bow storage
                                                                                                                                                      dividers organize all types of gear
                                                                                                                                                      4 Cleaning station provides
                                                                                                                                                      convenient onboard fish prep
                                                                                                                                                      5 Easy-access rod storage with
                                                                                                                                                      optional SportTrak rod holder and
                                                                                                                                                      side seat with under-seat storage
                                                                                                            5


                                            SPECIFICATIONS
                                                                  IPS™ 2      Approximate    Maximum        Transom    Fuel       Livewell            Rod Storage       Seat         Seat
                                            Length     Beam
                                                               Chine Width      Weight         HP            Height    Tank       Systems              Capacity       Pedestals     Bases
                                     2000    20'6"     97"         82.5"        1600 lbs.          225           25"   50 gal     40"/18 gal           11'0"–12'0"      2 solid        7


                                     1800    18'6"     97"         82.5"        1460 lbs.          175           25"   41 gal     40"/18 gal            9'0"–10'0"      2 solid        7

       2000          1800
                                             Storage    Livewell   Baitwell   Seats   Seat Bases     Fuel Tank
     24 | LUND                                                                                                                                                   www.lundboats.com




lu.fa16_SportAngler_Impact.indd 24                                                                                                                                                     9/20/16 12:12 PM
                                             Boats may show factory and/
                                             or dealer installed options.
                                             Please see dealer for details.




         1                                             2




         3                                             4
        1 Spacious bow storage transforms
        into superior casting station
        2 Standard under-console drawers
        (2025 only) 3 Optional bow baitwell
        4 In-deck rod storage holds 10 rods:
        (5) 7'; (5) 6'6" 5 Invite more friends
        with optional aft flip-up seating

                                                       5


                                                                                                                                                 SPECIFICATIONS
                                                                                                                                                                                     2025
                                  IPS™ 2            Approximate               Maximum   Transom      Fuel         Livewell      Rod Storage         Seat        Seat
          Length     Beam
                               Chine Width            Weight                    HP       Height      Tank         Systems        Capacity         Pedestals    Bases
           20'2"       96"           82"               1750 lbs.                200       25"        50 gal    Bow 33"/16 gal       6'6"–8'0"       4 solid      6        2025       1875
                                                                                                               Aft 40"/18 gal                                                       Sport
           18'9"       94"           79.5"         Sport 1265 lbs.              150       25"        32 gal    Bow 33"/16 gal       6'6"–8'6"       3 solid      6        1875
                                                    SS 1215 lbs.                                               Aft 40"/18 gal                                                        1875
                                                                                                                                                                                       SS
                                                                                                  Storage     Livewell   Baitwell    Seats      Seat Bases    Fuel Tank
        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                        Lund | 25




lu.fa16_SportAngler_Impact.indd 25                                                                                                                                                 9/20/16 12:12 PM
                                                                                                                         Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                                           or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                                         Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                                     1                                         2




                                                                                                     3                                         4
                                                                                                                                               1 Aft flip-up seating for on-water
                                                                                                                                               versatility 2 In-console storage with
                                                                                                                                               built-in cup holders 3 Side rod strap
                                                                                                                                               for easy access 4 Aft ladder with
                                                                                                                                               storage compartment for premium
                                                                                                                                               water access 5 Ample bow storage
                                                                                                                                               stows all your gear


                                                                                                     5


                                     SPECIFICATIONS
                                                           IPS™        Approximate    Maximum        Transom    Fuel       Livewell            Rod Storage        Seat         Seat
                                     Length     Beam
                                                        Chine Width      Weight         HP            Height    Tank       Systems              Capacity        Pedestals     Bases
                                      18'7"     94"         79.5"        1440 lbs.          150           25"   32 gal   Bow 27"/11 gal           6'6"–8'6"       3 solid       6
                                                                                                                         Aft 38"/24 gal




                                      Storage    Livewell   Baitwell   Seats   Seat Bases     Fuel Tank
     26 | LUND                                                                                                                                            www.lundboats.com




lu.fa16_SportAngler_Impact.indd 26                                                                                                                                                9/22/16 3:03 PM
                                             Boats may show factory and/
                                             or dealer installed options.
                                             Please see dealer for details.




         1                                             2




         3                                             4
        1 Cavernous bow storage holds all
        your gear 2 Optional bow multi-base
        configuration adds additional bow
        seating 3 Optional aft flip-up
        seating accommodates more fishing
        buddies 4 Fully equipped console
        puts you in command 5 Optional
        port console (SS)
                                                       5


                                                                                                                                                 SPECIFICATIONS                      1775
                                                                                                                                                                                    Sport
                                  IPS™              Approximate               Maximum   Transom      Fuel         Livewell      Rod Storage         Seat        Seat
          Length     Beam
                               Chine Width            Weight                    HP       Height      Tank         Systems        Capacity         Pedestals    Bases                 1775
                                                                                                                                                                                       SS
           17'9"       94"           79.5"         Sport 1220 lbs.              125       25"        27 gal    Bow 33"/16 gal       6'6"–8'0"       2 solid      6        1775
                                                    SS 1170 lbs.                                               Aft 40"/18 gal                                                        1675
           16'9"       90"           76"               1175 lbs.                90        20"        19 gal    Bow 27"/11 gal       6'6"–7'6"       2 solid      6        1675      Sport
                                                                                                               Aft 40"/18 gal
                                                                                                                                                                                     1675
                                                                                                                                                                                       SS
                                                                                                  Storage     Livewell   Baitwell    Seats      Seat Bases    Fuel Tank
        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                        Lund | 27




lu.fa16_SportAngler_Impact.indd 27                                                                                                                                                 9/20/16 12:13 PM
                                                                                                                         Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                                           or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                                         Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                                     1                                         2




                                                                                                     3                                         4
                                                                                                                                               1 In-deck rod storage (2075 holds
                                                                                                                                               15 rods, 1875 holds 10 rods)
                                                                                                                                               2 Comprehensive control panel
                                                                                                                                               keeps everything you need close
                                                                                                                                               at hand 3 Optional stereo with
                                                                                                                                               2 speakers 4 Starboard locker
                                                                                                                                               adds storage for 5 additional rods
                                                                                                                                               5 Deep and plentiful bow storage
                                                                                                     5


                                     SPECIFICATIONS
                                                           IPS™ 2      Approximate    Maximum        Transom    Fuel       Livewell            Rod Storage       Seat         Seat
                                     Length     Beam
                                                        Chine Width      Weight         HP            Height    Tank       Systems              Capacity       Pedestals     Bases
                              2075    20'9"     93"         81"          1500 lbs.          200           25"   42 gal   Bow 27"/11 gal           7'0"–9'6"      3 solid       7
                                                                                                                         Aft 42"/22 gal

                              1875    18'10"    93"         81"          1336 lbs.          90            25"   32 gal   Bow 27"/11 gal           7'0"–9'0"      3 solid       7
                                                                                                                         Aft 42"/22 gal
           2075        1875
                                      Storage    Livewell   Baitwell   Seats   Seat Bases     Fuel Tank
     28 | LUND                                                                                                                                            www.lundboats.com




lu.fa16_ProGuide.indd 28                                                                                                                                                       9/20/16 12:14 PM
                                            Boats may show factory and/
                                            or dealer installed options.
                                            Please see dealer for details.




         1                                            2




         3                                            4
        1 Generous port storage
        compartment 2 Flip-up cleats for
        added versatility 3 Command
        console features easy-to-read
        instrumentation 4 The split-door
        livewell/baitwell allows for easy
        access 5 Bow storage secures
        gear effortlessly
                                                      5


                                                                                                                                                SPECIFICATIONS
                                IPS™               Approximate               Maximum   Transom      Fuel         Livewell       Rod Storage        Seat        Seat
          Length     Beam
                             Chine Width             Weight                    HP       Height      Tank         Systems         Capacity        Pedestals    Bases
           17'9"      93"        79.5"                1225 lbs.                90        20"        27 gal     Bow 27"/11 gal      7'0"–9'0"       3 solid      6        1775
                                                                                                               Aft 37"/16 gal

           16'9"      90"         76"                 1050 lbs.                75        20"        19 gal       37"/16 gal        6'6"–8'6"       2 solid      4        1675

                                                                                                                                                                                1775   1675
                                                                                                 Storage     Livewell   Baitwell    Seats      Seat Bases    Fuel Tank
        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                              Lund | 29




lu.fa16_ProGuide.indd 29                                                                                                                                                                 9/20/16 12:14 PM
                                                                                                                       Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                                         or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                                       Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                                   1                                         2




                                                                                                   3                                         4
                                                                                                                                             1 Large bow storage compartments
                                                                                                                                             hold rods (up to 9'), gear and optional
                                                                                                                                             bow livewell 2 Ergonomic console puts
                                                                                                                                             control at your fingertips 3 On-the-go
                                                                                                                                             rod storage 4 Bench seating with
                                                                                                                                             fold-down center seat 5 22-gallon aft
                                                                                                                                             livewell holds your catches


                                                                                                   5


                          SPECIFICATIONS
                                                 IPS™ 2          Approx           Max     Transom      Fuel       Livewell                    Rod Storage       Seat         Seat
                          Length   Beam                                                                                            Draft
                                              Chine Width        Weight           HP       Height      Tank       Systems                      Capacity       Pedestals     Bases
                           18'9"       95"          68.25"       1270 lbs.        115        20"       22 gal   Aft 35"/22 gal       12"          7'6"-9'0"     3 bench        2
                                                                                                                Bow 27"/12 gal                                   2 solid




                             Storage     Livewell     Baitwell   Seats       Seat Bases   Fuel Tank
     30 | LUND                                                                                                                                          www.lundboats.com




lu.fa16_Rebel_2.indd 30                                                                                                                                                       9/23/16 11:48 AM
                                           Boats may show factory and/
                                           or dealer installed options.
                                           Please see dealer for details.




         1                                           2




         3                                           4
        1 Plentiful storage holds rods (up to
        8'), gear and more 2 Integrated
        cooler storage can also hold extra
        gear 3 Expansive bow casting
        platform with in-deck storage
        4 Bench seating conceals
        storage 5 Middle bench seat folds
        down to create a convenient step
                                                     5


                                                                                                                                                 SPECIFICATIONS
                                 IPS™                 Approx                Max   Transom   Fuel         Livewell                  Rod Storage       Seat           Seat
          Length     Beam                                                                                                 Draft
                              Chine Width             Weight                HP     Height   Tank         Systems                    Capacity       Pedestals       Bases
           17'9"      95"         68.25"             1195 lbs.              90      20"     22 gal     Aft 35"/22 gal     11.5"      7'6"-8'0"      3 bench          2
                                                                                                       Bow 27"/12 gal                                2 solid




                                                                                             Storage      Livewell      Baitwell    Seats    Seat Bases        Fuel Tank
        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                  Lund | 31




lu.fa16_Rebel_2.indd 31                                                                                                                                                     9/23/16 11:48 AM
                                                                                                                           Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                                             or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                                           Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                                       1                                         2




                                                                                                       3                                         4
                                                                                                                                                 1 Easy battery access for
                                                                                                                                                 convenience 2 Expansive bow
                                                                                                                                                 storage easily hides life vests or
                                                                                                                                                 sports equipment 3 The command
                                                                                                                                                 console is stereo-ready 4 Side
                                                                                                                                                 storage stows fishing gear easily
                                                                                                                                                 5 Center rod storage houses 5 rods
                                                                                                                                                 up to 7'
                                                                                                       5


                                       SPECIFICATIONS
                                                             IPS™        Approximate    Maximum        Transom    Fuel       Livewell            Rod Storage       Seat         Seat
                                       Length     Beam
                                                          Chine Width      Weight         HP            Height    Tank       Systems              Capacity       Pedestals     Bases
                               Sport    17'6"     85"         70.5"        1135 lbs.          115           20"   19 gal     34"/14 gal             7'0"–8'6"      3 solid       6


                                 SS     17'6"     85"         70.5"        1085 lbs.          90            20"   19 gal     34"/14 gal             7'6"–8'6"      3 solid       6

          Sport           SS
                                        Storage    Livewell   Baitwell   Seats   Seat Bases     Fuel Tank
     32 | LUND                                                                                                                                              www.lundboats.com




lu.fa16_Rebel_2.indd 32                                                                                                                                                          9/23/16 11:48 AM
                                       Boats may show factory and/
                                       or dealer installed options.
                                       Please see dealer for details.




         1                                        2




         3                                        4
        1 Optional aft flip seat and ski
        pylon 2 Passenger console includes
        glove box to secure valuables
        3 Storage compartments maximize
        under-bow space 4 Center rod
        storage for five rods up to 7'
        5 3-step ladder adds safety and
        convenience
                                                  5


                                                                                                                                           SPECIFICATIONS
                                     IPS™             Approximate       Maximum   Transom      Fuel         Livewell      Rod Storage         Seat        Seat
                Length    Beam
                                  Chine Width           Weight            HP       Height      Tank         Systems        Capacity         Pedestals    Bases
        Sport     16'6"    84"         71"                1025 lbs.       90        20"        19 gal       34"/14 gal        7'0"–8'6"       3 solid      6


           SS     16'6"    84"         71"                 975 lbs.       90        20"        19 gal       34"/14 gal          7'6"          3 solid      6

                                                                                                                                                                    Sport    SS
                                                                                            Storage     Livewell   Baitwell     Seats     Seat Bases    Fuel Tank
        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                   Lund | 33




lu.fa16_Rebel_2.indd 33                                                                                                                                                       9/26/16 10:13 AM
                                                                                                                               Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                                                 or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                                               Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                                           1                                         2




                                                                                                           3                                         4
                                                                                                                                                     1 Large bow offers plenty of casting
                                                                                                                                                     room 2 Lockable side rod storage
                                                                                                                                                     keeps everything safe 3 3-step
                                                                                                                                                     ladder adds safety and convenience
                                                                                                                                                      4 Center rod storage for five rods
                                                                                                                                                     up to 7' 5 Oversized bow storage
                                                                                                                                                     doors provide easy access


                                                                                                           5


                                            SPECIFICATIONS
                                                                  IPS™        Approximate    Maximum       Transom    Fuel       Livewell            Rod Storage        Seat         Seat
                                            Length     Beam
                                                               Chine Width      Weight         HP           Height    Tank       Systems              Capacity        Pedestals     Bases
                                   Tiller    16'6"     84"         71"           920 lbs.          60           20"   19 gal     34"/14 gal               7'–7'6"       3 solid       4




                          Tiller
                                             Storage    Livewell   Baitwell   Seats   Seat Bases    Fuel Tank
     34 | LUND                                                                                                                                                  www.lundboats.com




lu.fa16_Rebel_2.indd 34                                                                                                                                                                9/22/16 3:55 PM
                                         Boats may show factory and/
                                         or dealer installed options.
                                         Please see dealer for details.




         1                                         2




         3                                         4
        1 Slide-out battery tray and fuel
        tank hider 2 Rear boarding
        ladder for easy water access
        3 Side console allows for clear views
        4 Capacious side rod storage to store
        all your tools 5 Ample bow storage for
        all your gear

                                                   5


                                                                                                                                            SPECIFICATIONS
                                       IPS™             Approximate       Maximum   Transom    Fuel          Livewell         Rod Storage     Seat        Seat
                 Length   Beam
                                    Chine Width           Weight            HP       Height    Tank          Systems           Capacity     Pedestals    Bases
           SS    16'5"      77"          61"                710 lbs.        50        20"       6 gal       35"/11 gal           7'6"         2 solid      4


        Tiller   16'5"      77"          61"                647 lbs.        40        20"       6 gal       35"/11 gal           7'6"         2 solid      4

                                                                                                                                                                    Sport   Tiller
                                                                                            Storage     Livewell   Baitwell      Seats   Seat Bases     Fuel Tank
        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                   Lund | 35




lu.fa16_Rebel_2.indd 35                                                                                                                                                       9/20/16 12:03 PM
                                                                                                                  Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                                    or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                                  Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                              1                                         2




                                                                                              3                                         4
                                                                                                                                        1 Side console with optional gauges
                                                                                                                                        2 Aft raised casting platform with
                                                                                                                                        seat base 3 Deep bow storage and
                                                                                                                                        a 16-gallon livewell keep everything
                                                                                                                                        in reach 4 Telescoping ladder for
                                                                                                                                        easy boarding 5 12-gallon portable
                                                                                                                                        fuel tank fits in a concealed storage
                                                                                                                                        compartment
                                                                                              5


                               SPECIFICATIONS
                                                     IPS™        Approximate    Maximum       Transom    Fuel       Livewell            Rod Storage        Seat         Seat
                               Length     Beam
                                                  Chine Width      Weight         HP           Height    Tank       Systems              Capacity        Pedestals     Bases
                                16'3"     80"         69.5"         862 lbs.          60           20"   12 gal     37"/16 gal                 8'0"        2 solid        6




                                Storage    Livewell   Baitwell   Seats   Seat Bases    Fuel Tank
      36 | LUND                                                                                                                                       www.lundboats.com




lu.fa_Fury_Outfitter.indd 36                                                                                                                                              9/20/16 12:05 PM
                                             Boats may show factory and/
                                             or dealer installed options.
                                             Please see dealer for details.




         1                                             2




         3                                             4
         1 Optional aft flip-up seating
         offers additional passenger room
         and casting area 2 Sport windshield
         and console add protection
         3 In-floor rod storage for rods up to 8'
         4 Optional sport top protects from
         the elements (Sport only) 5 Spacious
         bow offers expansive fishing mobility
                                                       5


                                                                                                                                               SPECIFICATIONS
                                   IPS™             Approximate               Maximum   Transom      Fuel         Livewell      Rod Storage       Seat        Seat
           Length      Beam
                                Chine Width           Weight                    HP       Height      Tank         Systems        Capacity       Pedestals    Bases
            16'3"        80"         69.5"              902 lbs.                60        20"        12 gal       37"/16 gal        8'0"          2 solid      6        Sport


            16'3"        80"         69.5"              812 lbs.                50        20"        12 gal       37"/16 gal        8'0"          2 solid      4        Tiller

                                                                                                                                                                                 Sport   Tiller
                                                                                                  Storage     Livewell   Baitwell   Seats     Seat Bases    Fuel Tank
         www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                               Lund | 37




lu.fa_Fury_Outfitter.indd 37                                                                                                                                                                9/22/16 3:05 PM
                                                                                                                        Boat shown in Green, available for upcharge.
                                                                                                                               Boats may show factory and/or dealer
                                                                                                                      installed options. Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                                           1                                                   2




                                                                                                           3                                                   4
                                                                                                                                                               1 Portside stepped rod locker
                                                                                                                                                               holds rods up to 7' 2 SS Console
                                                                                                                                                               with optional windshield 3 Large
                                                                                                                                                               pass-through bow compartments
                                                                                                                                                               4 11-gallon, 35" livewell holds your
                                                                                                                                                               catches 5 Four durable cleats line
                                                                                                                                                               the gunnel


                                                                                                           5


                                            SPECIFICATIONS
                                                                  IPS™        Approximate    Maximum       Transom         Fuel            Livewell            Rod Storage        Seat         Seat
                                            Length     Beam
                                                               Chine Width      Weight         HP           Height         Tank            Systems              Capacity        Pedestals     Bases
                                     SS      14'9"     69.5"       56"           545 lbs.          30           20"          —            35"/11 gal                  7'0"        2 solid       3
                                   Tiller    14'9"     69.5"       56"           500 lbs.          30           20"          —            35"/11 gal                  7'0"        2 solid       3
                                   Sport     16'2"     73.5"       56"           565 lbs.          40           20"          —            35"/11 gal                  7'6"        2 solid       4
                                   Tiller    16'2"     73.5"       56"           520 lbs.          40           20"          —            35"/11 gal                  7'6"        2 solid       3
             SS           Tiller
                                             Storage    Livewell   Baitwell   Seats   Seat Bases    Fuel Tank
      38 | LUND                                                                                                                                                              www.lundboats.com




lu.fa_Fury_Outfitter.indd 38                                                                                                                                                                     9/22/16 3:05 PM
                                          Boats may show factory and/
                                          or dealer installed options.
                                          Please see dealer for details.




         1                                          2




         3                                          4
         1 Deep, pass-through bow storage
         eliminates clutter 2 Aerated
         22-gallon bow livewell keeps fish
         fresh 3 Side rod holders add
         convenience and accessibility
         4 Removable bow boxes simplify
         loading and unloading 5 Port
         and starboard rear-side storage
         frees up space                             5


                                                                                                                                            SPECIFICATIONS
                                  IPS™           Approximate               Maximum   Transom      Fuel         Livewell      Rod Storage       Seat        Seat
           Length      Beam
                               Chine Width         Weight                    HP       Height      Tank         Systems        Capacity       Pedestals    Bases
            17'7"        77"     61.25"              805 lbs.                60        20"        19 gal       41"/22 gal        7'0"          3 solid      4




                                                                                               Storage     Livewell   Baitwell   Seats     Seat Bases    Fuel Tank
         www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                           Lund | 39




lu.fa_Fury_Outfitter.indd 39                                                                                                                                           9/22/16 3:55 PM
                                                                                                                                   Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                                                     or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                                                   Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                                               1                                         2




                                                                                                               3                                         4
                                                                                                                                                         1 Port console provides comfort
                                                                                                                                                         and protection from the elements
                                                                                                                                                         2 13-gallon port livewell with
                                                                                                                                                         baitwell (1800/1600 shown)
                                                                                                                                                         3 Side storage keeps necessities
                                                                                                                                                         handy 4 Deep bow provides safety
                                                                                                                                                         and comfort (1600/1800 shown)
                                                                                                                                                         5 Functional command console
                                                                                                                                                         makes for easy operation
                                                                                                               5


                                               SPECIFICATIONS
                                                                     IPS™        Approximate    Maximum        Transom    Fuel       Livewell            Rod Storage        Seat       Seat
                                               Length     Beam
                                                                  Chine Width      Weight         HP            Height    Tank       Systems              Capacity        Pedestals   Bases
            2000 DC 2000 SS          2000 DC     20'6"    90.5"        76"         1275 lbs.          125           25"   27 gal     40"/18 gal                 8'6"        3 solid     5
                                     2000 SS     20'6"    90.5"        76"         1200 lbs.          125           25"   27 gal     40"/18 gal                 8'6"        3 solid     5
                                     1800 DC     18'9"     83"        69.5"        1105 lbs.           90           20"   19 gal     46"/13 gal                 9'0"        2 solid     5
                                     1800 SS     18'9"     83"        69.5"        1030 lbs.           90           20"   19 gal     46"/13 gal                 9'0"        2 solid     5
                                     1600 SS    16'10"     81"        69.5"         915 lbs.           75           20"   19 gal     46"/13 gal                 7'0"        2 solid     4
       1800 DC   1800 SS   1600 SS              Storage    Livewell   Baitwell   Seats   Seat Bases     Fuel Tank
     40 | LUND                                                                                                                                                         www.lundboats.com




lu_fa16_Alaskan 080816 proof.indd 40                                                                                                                                                    9/26/16 10:12 AM
                                             Boats may show factory and/
                                             or dealer installed options.
                                             Please see dealer for details.




         1                                             2




         3                                             4
        1 Bow battery storage is conve-
        niently accessible 2 Port storage
        offers a generous amount of space
        for all your gear 3 Tan seat is
        standard when you choose Fall
        Marsh or Wetlands® exterior color
        4 Handy side storage allows quick
        access to items 5 Spacious port
        livewell keeps your day's catch fresh          5


                                                                                                                                               SPECIFICATIONS
                                  IPS™              Approximate               Maximum   Transom      Fuel         Livewell      Rod Storage       Seat        Seat
          Length     Beam
                               Chine Width            Weight                    HP       Height      Tank         Systems        Capacity       Pedestals    Bases                2000

           20'6"     90.5"             76"             1105 lbs.                125       20"        27 gal       40"/18 gal        8'6"          3 solid      4        2000
                                                                                                                                                                                  1800
           18'9"       83"         69.5"                975 lbs.                75        20"        19 gal       46"/13 gal        9'0"          2 solid      4        1800

          16'10"       81"         69.5"                860 lbs.                60        20"        19 gal       46"/13 gal        7'0"          2 solid      3        1600
                                                                                                                                                                                  1600
                                                                                                  Storage     Livewell   Baitwell   Seats     Seat Bases    Fuel Tank
        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                      Lund | 41




lu_fa16_Alaskan 080816 proof.indd 41                                                                                                                                             9/26/16 4:36 PM
                                                                                                                    Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                                      or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                                    Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                                  1                                       2




                                                                                                  3                                       4
                                                                                                                                          1 Optional SS console allows for
                                                                                                                                          enhanced steering wheel control
                                                                                                                                          2 Optional raised bow storage packs
                                                                                                                                          it all in 3 Optional drop-in floor
                                                                                                                                          creates more casting room 4 Aft
                                                                                                                                          battery and fuel tank storage are
                                                                                                                                          easily accessible 5 Optional port
                                                                                                                                          console maximizes cockpit comfort
                                                                                                                                          (SSV 18 only)
                                                                                                  5


                                   SPECIFICATIONS
                                                         IPS™        Approximate     Maximum      Transom    Fuel     Livewell            Rod Storage         Seat              Seat
                         18        Length     Beam
                                                      Chine Width      Weight          HP          Height    Tank     Systems              Capacity         Pedestals          Bases
                              18    18'4"     76"         57"           460 lbs.          60           20"    —            —                         —      2 cross, 4 split    —
                         16
                              16    16'2"     72"         55.5"       340/350 lbs.        40       15"/20"    —            —                         —      2 cross, 4 split    —

                              14    14'2"     70"         55.5"       285/295 lbs.        35       15"/20"    —            —                         —      2 cross, 4 split    —
                         14
                                    Storage    Livewell   Baitwell   Seats   Seat Bases    Fuel Tank
     42 | LUND                                                                                                                                           www.lundboats.com




lu.fa16_SSV_WC.indd 42                                                                                                                                                          9/20/16 12:10 PM
                                       Boats may show factory and/
                                       or dealer installed options.
                                       Please see dealer for details.




        1                                        2




        3                                        4
        1 Simple but refined tiller
        control area 2 Heavy-duty bow and
        corner castings withstand hard use
        3 Heavy-duty aluminum motor plate
        4 Heavy-duty aft grab handle
        5 Oarlocks and durable gunnels
        can take a pounding

                                                 5


                                                                                                                                           SPECIFICATIONS
                               IPS™           Approximate               Maximum   Transom      Fuel       Livewell          Rod Storage       Seat              Seat
         Length    Beam
                            Chine Width         Weight                    HP       Height      Tank       Systems            Capacity       Pedestals          Bases                  16
          16'2"     72"           —            325/335 lbs.               25      15"/20"        —               —               —         3 cross, 2 split      —        16

          14'6"     69"           —            285/295 lbs.               25      15"/20"        —               —               —         2 cross, 2 split      —        14          14

          12'1"     61"           —               205 lbs.                15        15"          —               —               —         2 cross, 2 split      —        12
                                                                                                                                                                                      12
                                                                                            Storage   Livewell       Baitwell   Seats     Seat Bases          Fuel Tank
        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                      Lund | 43




lu.fa16_SSV_WC.indd 43                                                                                                                                                           9/20/16 12:10 PM
                                                                                                                   Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                                     or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                                   Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                                 1                                       2




                                                                                                 3                                       4
                                                                                                                                         1 Heavy-duty corner castings
                                                                                                                                         enhance structural durability
                                                                                                                                         2 Extruded aluminum motor plates
                                                                                                                                         add toughness 3 Solid oarlocks
                                                                                                                                         and durable gunnels outlast heavy
                                                                                                                                         use 4 Aluminum bench seats
                                                                                                                                         provide ample passenger room
                                                                                                                                         5 Rugged bow corner castings
                                                                                                                                         strengthen the hull
                                                                                                 5


                                  SPECIFICATIONS
                                                        IPS™        Approximate    Maximum       Transom    Fuel     Livewell            Rod Storage         Seat       Seat
                                  Length     Beam
                                                     Chine Width      Weight         HP           Height    Tank     Systems              Capacity         Pedestals   Bases
                             14    14'1"     61"          —            194 lbs.          15           15"    —            —                         —       3 cross     —


                             12    12'1"     60"          —            164 lbs.          10           15"    —            —                         —       3 cross     —

          14            12
                                   Storage    Livewell   Baitwell   Seats   Seat Bases    Fuel Tank
     44 | LUND                                                                                                                                          www.lundboats.com




lu.fa16_A_Jon.indd 44                                                                                                                                                   9/20/16 12:16 PM
                                        Boats may show factory and/
                                        or dealer installed options.
                                        Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                                                                                                         SPECIFICATIONS
                               Bottom    Side        Transom                               Maximum            Maximum           Approximate         Maximum              Maximum   Hull
          Length        Beam                                             Ribs   Seats
                               Width    Depth         Height                            Person Capacity     Person Weight         Weight          Weight Capacity          HP      Gage
           18'0"        75"     52"        21"           20"             10      4            6                 815 lbs.          475 lbs.            1375 lbs.            45      0.072"    1852MT
          15'10"        70"     48"        21"         15"/20"            9      3            4                 555 lbs.          420 lbs.                973 lbs.         35      0.072"    1648M
          15'10"        70"     48"        21"         15"/20"            9      3            4                 555 lbs.          420 lbs.                973 lbs.         35      0.072"    1648
           14'0"        70"     48"        21"         15"/20"            7      3            4                 500 lbs.          365 lbs.                825 lbs.         25      0.072"    1448M
           14'0"        70"     48"        21"         15"/20"            7      3            4                 500 lbs.          365 lbs.                825 lbs.         25      0.072"    1448
           14'0"        57"     36"        17"           15"              8      3            3                 350 lbs.          145 lbs.                552 lbs.         15      0.050"    1436L
          11'11"        56"     36"        17"           15"              6      3            3                 325 lbs.          140 lbs.                527 lbs.         10      0.050"    1236
          11'10"        48"     32"        16"           15"              3      3            2                 295 lbs.          90 lbs.                 335 lbs.          3      0.050"    1232
           10'0"        48"     32"        16"           15"              2      3            2                 180 lbs.          80 lbs.                 275 lbs.          3      0.050"    1032
                                                                                              Storage     Livewell   Baitwell    Seats       Seat Bases      Fuel Tank
        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                                   Lund | 45




lu.fa16_A_Jon.indd 45                                                                                                                                                                         9/20/16 12:16 PM
           SportTrak™
     SportTrak™ ACCESSORIES SYSTEM
     Attach a variety of accessories like rod holders, cup holders and even electronics to your Lund without drilling holes in your boat. Heavy-duty
     SportTrak™ brackets mount securely along patented SportTrak™ gunnels so you can position gear just about anywhere. Available on Pro-V, Baron,
     Tyee, Sport Angler, Explorer, Impact, Pro Guide, Renegade, Rebel XL, Outfitter and Alaskan models.




      Bumper button & strap (bumper not included)     Rod holder with optional extension                 Downrigger bracket for angled SportTrak (available
                                                                                                         on most aluminum models)




      Cup holders                                     Downrigger bracket mount (Pro-V, Crossover only)   Rod bracket (Sport Angler only)




      Drink holder                                    Tool holder (tools not included)                   Tackle bag (does not include plastic Plano boxes)


     46 | LUND                                                                                                                      www.lundboats.com




lu.fa_16_options_access.indd 46                                                                                                                         9/21/16 11:15 AM
                                                                 Options & Accessories
        TRAILERS




         Standard Roller trailer                                    Tandem Standard Roller trailer




         Standard Bunk trailer




         Tandem Custom Bunk trailer (galvanized trailer shown)


        www.lundboats.com                                                                            LUND | 47




lu.fa_16_options_access.indd 47                                                                        9/21/16 11:15 AM
           Options & Accessories
     TOP SETS
     Premium high-quality materials, easy-to-use designs and attention to detail distinguish Lund top sets.*




     Complete top set (1800 Tyee shown—style will vary by model. Eisenglass available on                       Optional sport top (Sport models only)
     2175/2075/1975/1875 Pro-V, 2275 Baron, Magnum/2075/1900/1800 Tyee,
     1875/1775/1675 Crossover.) *Full canvas enclosure should be used only when boat is anchored or at rest.




      Bimini top                                                                                               Premium sport top




     OPTIONAL DECAL PACKAGES
     Lund’s optional camouflage designs cover the interior and exterior surfaces for ultimate performance.




     Lund Wetlands® camouflage exterior (available on Alaskan)                                                 Lund Fall Marsh color option (available on select models)


     48 | LUND                                                                                                                                                       www.lundboats.com




lu.fa_16_options_access.indd 48                                                                                                                                                   9/20/16 12:20 PM
                                                            Options & Accessories




                Pilot                                     Captain            Standard                                               ProRide




         Pilot & Captain chair                                           Standard & ProRide seat




         Aft flip-up seat (1975/1875 Pro-V)   Aft flip-up seat (1975/1875 Pro-V)                   Aft flip-up seat (1975/1875 Pro-V) in lowered
                                                                                                   position with optional ski pylon




        Bow cushions (Crossover)              Bow cushions (2075/1900/1800 Tyee and                Aft flip-up seat (2175/2075 Pro-V, Impact, Rebel XS,
                                              2275 Baron)                                          Fury XL)

        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                    LUND | 49




lu.fa_16_options_access.indd 49                                                                                                                    9/21/16 11:15 AM
           Options & Accessories




     Kicker stereo with Bluetooth®           Premium sterio upgrade (Rockford Fosgate®)             Premium speaker upgrade (MB Quart®)




     Splash pan inserts (Pro-V and Impact)   Bow rock guard                                         Mooring cover




      Travel cover                                                      Travel cover (Pro-V, Baron, Tyee, Crossover)




      Premium graphics


     50 | LUND                                                                                                               www.lundboats.com




lu.fa_16_options_access.indd 50                                                                                                            9/21/16 3:21 PM
                                                                     Options & Accessories




         Bag ladder combined (Optional: SSV, WC, A;   4-step transom mount ladder (Standard: Sport    Splash pan ladder (Impact (not XS), Rebel XS)
         Standard: Rebel, Fury)                       Angler, Impact [not XS], Pro Guide, Rebel XS,
                                                      Fury XL, Outfitter, Alaskan)




         Ample bow storage                            Professional 3-bank charger                     SmartCraft™ gauges




         Washdown system (Sport Angler shown)         Bow baitwell                                    Starboard rod tubes (Impact shown)




         Snap-in carpet                               Snap-in marine mat                              Ski pylon (2175/2075/1975/1875 Pro-V, 189 Pro-V GL,
                                                                                                      2075/1875 Pro-V Bass/XS, Baron, Tyee,
                                                                                                      189 Tyee GL, Crossover, Impact XS, Rebel XS)
        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                      LUND | 51




lu.fa_16_options_access.indd 51                                                                                                                       9/22/16 5:19 PM
           Aluminum Colors




                                                                                                                           Impact & Impact XS
                                                         Pro-V Bass/XS




                                                                                                          Sport Angler
                                                                                              Crossover




                                                                                                                                                Pro Guide


                                                                                                                                                             Renegade




                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Outfitter
                                                                                                                                                                        Rebel XS




                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Alaskan
                                                                                                                                                                                           Fury XL
     ✓    Standard Color




                                                                          Baron
                                                Pro-V




                                                                                                                                                                                   Rebel
                                                                                      Tyee




                                                                                                                                                                                                       Fury
     l    Optional Color




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         SSV




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Jon
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   WC


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           A
            FREEBOARD COLORS

                            Lund Red            ✓          ✓              ✓           ✓        l           ✓                 ✓                   ✓            ✓          ✓          ✓       ✓           ✓          ✓          ✓           —        —       —        —

                         Arctic White           ✓          ✓              ✓           ✓        l           ✓                 ✓                   ✓            ✓          ✓          ✓       ✓           ✓          ✓          ✓           l        l       —        —

                          Cobalt Blue           ✓          ✓              ✓           ✓        l           ✓                 ✓                   ✓            ✓          ✓          ✓       ✓           ✓          ✓          ✓           l        l       —        —

                    Graphite Metallic           ✓          ✓              ✓           ✓        l           ✓                 ✓                   ✓            ✓          l          l       l           l        —            ✓           —        —       —        —

                   Wilderness Green             ✓        —                ✓           ✓        l           ✓                 ✓                   ✓            ✓          l          l       l           l        —            ✓           l        l       —        —

                         Wildfire Red           —        —                —           —       —           —                 —                   —            —          —           —      —           —         —           —            ✓        ✓       —        —

                                   Black        ✓          ✓              ✓           ✓        l           ✓                 ✓                   ✓            ✓          ✓          ✓       ✓           ✓          ✓          ✓           ✓        ✓       —        —

                    Olive Drab Green            —                         —           —       —           —                 —                   —            —          —           —      —           —         —           —            —        —         —       ✓

                     Lund Fall Marsh            —        —                —           —       —           —                 —                   —            —          —           —      —            l          l          l           l        l         l      —

                     HULL COLORS

                           Silverstone          ✓        —                ✓           ✓        l           ✓                 ✓                   ✓           —           l          —      —           —         —           —            —        —       —        —

                           Aluminum             —        —                —           —       —           —                 —                   —            —          —           ✓      —            ✓          ✓          ✓           ✓        ✓         ✓      —

                         Arctic White           —        —                —           —        l          —                 —                   —            —          —           —      —           —         —           —            —        —       —        —

                            Lund Red            —        —                —           —        l          —                 —                   —            —          —           —      —           —         —           —            —        —       —        —

                                   Black        —        —                —           —        l          —                 —                   —            —          —           —      —           —         —           —            —        —       —        —

                          Satin Beige           —        —                ✓           ✓        l          —                 —                   —            —          —           —      —           —         —           —            —        —       —        —

                 INTERIOR COLORS

                                  Bronze        —        —                ✓           ✓        ✓          —                 —                   —            —          —           —      —           —         —           —            —        —       —        —

                        Midnight Star           ✓          ✓              ✓           ✓        ✓            ✓                 ✓                  ✓            ✓          ✓          ✓       ✓          —         —           —            —        —         —      —

                           Grey Fleck           —        —                —           —       —           —                 —                   —            —          —           —      —            ✓          ✓          ✓           ✓        ✓         ✓      —

                 DECAL PACKAGES

                     Lund Wetlands®             —        —                —           —       —           —                 —                   —            —          —           —      —           —         —            l           —        —       —        —


     EXTERIOR OPTIONS

                                                                         Graphite                                         Wilderness                                                                  Olive                                       Aluminum
      Lund Red          Arctic White           Cobalt Blue               Metallic            Satin Beige                  Green                             Wildfire Red           Black              Drab Green             Silverstone          Hull

     INTERIOR OPTIONS                                                                                                                                                                          HUNTING OPTIONS

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Fall Marsh &
                                                                                                                                                                                                 Fall Marsh                            Wetlands seating
      Bronze                                            Midnight Star                                                    Grey Fleck

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Fall Marsh &
      carpet            vinyl          seats            carpet                      vinyl         seats                  vinyl                                 seats                             Wetlands® exterior only               Wetlands flooring

     52 | LUND                                                                                                                                                                                                                     www.lundboats.com




lu.fa_16_options_access.indd 52                                                                                                                                                                                                                              9/21/16 3:22 PM
                                                            Fiberglass Features & Options
                           Fiberglass Colors
                           Freeboard / Swoosh / Interior




                           Red / White / Gunmetal
Jon




—

—

—                          Black / White / Gunmetal
                                                            Optional full canvas *Full canvas enclosure should be   Optional sport top
—                                                           used only when boat is anchored or at rest.


—

—

—
                           Gunmetal / Silver / Silver
✓

—



—

—                          Red / Silver / Gunmetal
—                                                           Optional ski pylon                                      Aft storage pod (219 & 202 Pro-V GL only)

—

—

—
                           Black / Silver / Gunmetal

—

—

—



—                          Blue / Silver / Gunmetal
                                                            Optional fiberglass fender                              Snap-in carpet




                           White / Gunmetal / Gunmetal




                           Burgundy / Gunmetal / Gunmetal
                                                            Standard fiberglass trailer                             Tandem fiberglass trailer with
                                                                                                                    stainless fender option


              www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                      LUND | 53




      lu.fa_16_options_access.indd 53                                                                                                                   9/23/16 11:56 AM
           Standard & Optional Equipment




                                                                                                     (219, 208 Tiller, 202, 189)




                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Impact & Impact XS
                                                                   2075/1875 Pro-V Bass XS)
                                                                   (2075/1875 Pro-V Bass,




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Rebel XS & Rebel
                                          (2175, 2075, 1975,




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Fury XL & Fury
                                                                                                                                                  2075, 1900, 1800)




                                                                                                                                                                                                         Sport Angler
                                                                                                                                                  (2075 Magnum,




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         SSV, WC, A
                                                                                                                                                                                             Crossover




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Pro Guide


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Renegade
                                                                                              Pro-V GL




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Outfitter
                                                                                                                                                                      Tyee GL
                                                                                                                                                                                (208, 189)




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Alaskan
     ✓    Standard Feature




                                                                                                                                   Baron
                                      Pro-V



                                                               Pro-V




                                                                                                                                           Tyee
                                          1875)


     l    Optional Equipment


                       FISHING

          Advanced water control      ✓ 2175
                                                                       ✓                          —                                —              —                        —                  —           —                 —                    —           —              —                     —                —            —         —
              bow compartments        ✓ 2075

                      Aft baitwell            ✓                        ✓                           ✓                               —              —                        ✓                  —           —                 —                     ✓          —              —                     —                —            —         —

                                                                                                                                           ✓ 2075
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ✓ XL Sport
              Aft casting platform            ✓                        ✓                           ✓                                ✓      ✓ 1900                          ✓                   ✓          —                   ✓                   ✓          ✓           ✓ XS                                      —            —         —
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ✓ XL SS
                                                                                                                                           ✓ 1800



                                                                                                                                                                                                                        l Impact                                       l XS Sport            l XL Sport
                  Aft flip-up seats           l                  ✓ XS                             —                                 ✓             ✓                        ✓                   ✓          —                                      —           —                                                     —            —         —
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         ✓ XS                                          l XS SS               l XL SS


             Downrigger brackets              l                        l                          —                                 l             l                        —                  l            l                 l                   l           l               l                  l XL               l            l         —

                          Livewell            ✓                        ✓                           ✓                                ✓             ✓                        ✓                   ✓           ✓                  ✓                   ✓          ✓               ✓                      ✓               ✓           ✓         —

                                      ✓ 2175
               Livewell pump out                                       ✓                          —                                —              —                        —                  —           —                 —                    —           ✓              —                     —                —            —         —
                                      ✓ 2075

                 FURNITURE &
                    FLOORING
                       Aft storage            ✓                        ✓                           ✓                                ✓             ✓                        ✓                   ✓           ✓                  ✓                   ✓          ✓               ✓                  ✓ XL               —          ✓ 2000      —

                         Bike seat            l                        ✓                           l                                l             l                        l                  l            l                 l                   l           l               l                     l               l            l         —


                                      ✓ 2175                                                                                                                                                                                                   ✓ 2075
                                                                                              ✓ 219                                        ✓ 2075
                                      ✓ 2075                                                                                                                                                                                                   ✓ 1875                                                                                     —
                   Bow cargo nets                                  —                          ✓ 208                                 ✓      ✓ 1900                          —                  —           —                  l                               —              —                     —                —            —
                                      ✓ 1975                                                                                                                                                                                                   l 1775
                                                                                              ✓ 202                                        ✓ 1800
                                      ✓ 1875                                                                                                                                                                                                   l 1675


                                                                                                                                                                                                                        l 2075
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        l 1875
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               ✓ 2075
                  Bow multi base          —                        —                              —                                —              —                        —                  —           —             l 1775                               l              —                     —                —          l 2000      —
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               ✓ 1875
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        l 1675
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        — XS

                    Captain chair             l                    —                               l                                l             l                        l                  l            l                —                  l 2075        —              —                     —                —            —         —

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               l 2075
                        Pilot chair           l                    —                               l                                l             l                        l                  l            l                 l                               —              —                     —                —            —         —
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               l 1875

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               ✓ 2075
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               ✓ 1875
                    ProRide seats             ✓                        ✓                           ✓                                ✓             ✓                        ✓                  ✓            l                 l                               l               l                     l               l            l         —
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               l 1775
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               l 1675

             Solid seat, pedestals
                                              ✓                        ✓                          —                                 ✓             ✓                        —                  ✓            ✓                 ✓                   ✓           ✓               ✓                      ✓              ✓            ✓         —
                        and bases

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               ✓ 1775
                   Standard seats             l                    —                              —                                 l             l                       —                   l            ✓                 ✓                               ✓               ✓                      ✓               ✓           ✓         —
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               ✓ 1675



     54 | LUND                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    www.lundboats.com




lu.fa16_equip_specs_v2.indd 54                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        9/22/16 9:58 AM
                                                 Standard & Optional Equipment




                                                                                                        (219, 208 Tiller, 202, 189)




                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Impact & Impact XS
                                                                      2075/1875 Pro-V Bass XS)
                                                                      (2075/1875 Pro-V Bass,




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Rebel XS & Rebel
                                             (2175, 2075, 1975,




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Fury XL & Fury
                                                                                                                                                     2075, 1900, 1800)




                                                                                                                                                                                                            Sport Angler
                                                                                                                                                     (2075 Magnum,




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          SSV, WC, A
                                                                                                                                                                                                Crossover




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Pro Guide


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Renegade
                                                                                                 Pro-V GL




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Outfitter
                                                                                                                                                                         Tyee GL
                                                                                                                                                                                   (208, 189)




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Alaskan
        ✓    Standard Feature




                                                                                                                                      Baron
                                         Pro-V



                                                                  Pro-V




                                                                                                                                              Tyee
                                             1875)

        l    Optional Equipment


                   CONVENIENCE

                                                                                                                                              ✓ 2075
                                         ✓ 2175                                                  ✓ 219
                                                                                                                                                 Mag.
                  AirRide pedestals,     ✓ 2075                                                  ✓ 208                                                                   ✓ 208
                                                                      —                                                                ✓      ✓ 2075                                            l            l                l                   l           —            l                    l               l             l           —
                           mainstay      l 1975                                                  ✓ 202                                                                   l 189
                                                                                                                                              l 1900
                                         l 1875                                                  l 189
                                                                                                                                              l 1800

                     Boarding ladder             ✓                        ✓                           ✓                                ✓             ✓                        ✓                   ✓           ✓                 ✓                   ✓          l            ✓                     ✓               ✓            ✓            l

                                                                                                                                              l 2075
                        Bow cushion          —                        —                              —                                 l      l 1900                          l                  l           —              l XS                   —           —           —                    —                —            —            —
                                                                                                                                              l 1800




         Bow panel with trim switch              ✓                        ✓                           ✓                               —              —                        ✓                  —           —                —                    —           ✓           —                    —                —            —            —



                     Bow rock guard              l                    —                              —                                 l             l                        —                  l            l                l                   l           —         l XS                 l XL               —             l           —

                 Bow stem protector          —                        —                              —                                —              —                        —                  —            l               —                    —           —           —                    —                l             l           —

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        l SSV-18
                         Bow storage             ✓                        ✓                           ✓                                ✓             ✓                        ✓                  ✓            ✓                ✓                   ✓           ✓            ✓                     ✓              ✓             ✓
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        l SSV-16

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            l 1800 l SSV-14
                     CE certification        —                        —                              —                                —              —                        —                  —           —                 l                   l           —            l                    l               —          l 1600 l WC-16
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               SS   l WC-14

                         Travel cover            l                        l                          —                                 l             l                        —                  l            l                l                   l           l            l                 l XL               l              l          —
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            l XL Sport
                    Driver seat slider           l                    —                               ✓                                l             ✓                        ✓                  ✓            l                l                   l          —          l XS                                    —              —          —
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            l XL SS

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 ✓ 2075
                        Grab handles             ✓                        ✓                           ✓                                ✓             ✓                        ✓                   ✓           ✓            ✓ 2025                ✓ 1875        —           —                    —                —              —          —
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 ✓ 1775

                         Heavy-duty
                                             —                            ✓                          —                                —              —                        —                  —            ✓                 ✓                   ✓          ✓            ✓                 ✓ XL                ✓            ✓           —
                  gunwale extrusions

            Interchangeable aerator/
                                                 ✓                        ✓                           ✓                                ✓             ✓                        ✓                   ✓           ✓                 ✓                   ✓          ✓            ✓                     ✓               ✓            ✓           —
                    bilge cartridges

                                                                                                                                              ✓ 2075
                Bow Deck Extension           —                        —                              —                                 ✓      ✓ 1900                          ✓                  l           —                —                    —           —           —                    —                —            —            —
                                                                                                                                              ✓ 1800

                 Recessed ring deck
                                                 ✓                    —                              —                                —              —                        —                  —           —                —                    —           —           —                    —                —            —            —
                       and controls

            Self-draining splash pan             ✓                        ✓                           ✓                                ✓             ✓                        ✓                  ✓            ✓                ✓                   ✓           ✓            ✓                     ✓              ✓             ✓         ✓ SSV

                      Snap-in carpet             l                        l                           l                                l             l                        l                  l           —                 l                   —           —           —                    —                —            —            —

                                                                                                                                              ✓ 1900
                      Solid pedestals        —                            ✓                      ✓ 189                                —                                  ✓ 189                    ✓           ✓                 ✓                   ✓          ✓            ✓                     ✓               ✓            ✓           —
                                                                                                                                              ✓ 1800




        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               LUND | 55




lu.fa16_equip_specs_v2.indd 55                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             9/22/16 9:58 AM
           Standard & Optional Equipment




                                                                                                     (219, 208 Tiller, 202, 189)




                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Impact & Impact XS
                                                                   2075/1875 Pro-V Bass XS)
                                                                   (2075/1875 Pro-V Bass,




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Rebel XS & Rebel
                                          (2175, 2075, 1975,




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Fury XL & Fury
                                                                                                                                                  2075, 1900, 1800)




                                                                                                                                                                                                         Sport Angler
                                                                                                                                                  (2075 Magnum,




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          SSV, WC, A
                                                                                                                                                                                             Crossover




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Pro Guide


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Renegade
                                                                                              Pro-V GL




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Outfitter
                                                                                                                                                                      Tyee GL
                                                                                                                                                                                (208, 189)




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Alaskan
     ✓    Standard Feature




                                                                                                                                   Baron
                                      Pro-V



                                                               Pro-V




                                                                                                                                           Tyee
                                          1875)


     l    Optional Equipment



                                      l 2175                                                  ✓ 219                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        —
         Stainless steel bow rails                                 —                                                               ✓              ✓                        ✓                 —            —                —                     —           —              —                     —               —            —
                                      l 2075                                                  ✓ 202

                 Twin-plating bow
                                              ✓                        ✓                          —                                ✓              ✓                       —                   ✓            ✓                 ✓                    ✓          —            ✓ XS                    —                ✓           —           —
                       to midship
               Washdown system                l                    —                              l                                —       l 2075                         —                  —             ✓            l 2025 l 2075                        —              —                     —               —            —           —

                ELECTRONICS

             Auto-style fuse panel
                                              ✓                        ✓                          ✓                                ✓              ✓                        ✓                  ✓            ✓                 ✓                    ✓           ✓              ✓                    —               —            —           —
               and wiring harness


                                      ✓ 2175
                Additional trolling   ✓ 2075
                                                                   —                              —                                —              —                       —                  —            —                 l                     l          —               l                     l               l           l           —
                    motor plug-in     l 1975
                                      l 1875


      Easy-access service portals             ✓                        ✓                          ✓                                ✓              ✓                        ✓                  ✓            ✓                 ✓                    ✓           ✓              ✓                    —               —            —           —

                                                                                                                                                                                                                        l 2025
                    Factory kicker                                                                                                                                                                                      l 1875
                                              l                    —                              l                                l              l                        l                  l           l                                      —           —              —                     —               —            —           —
                     motor pre-rig                                                                                                                                                                                      l 1850
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        l 1775

                 Fire extinguisher            ✓                        ✓                          ✓                                ✓              ✓                        ✓                  l           l                 l                     l           l                 l                    l             l           l           —


                                      ✓ 2175
                                      ✓ 2075                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  l XL Sport
                     Kicker stereo                                     l                          ✓                                ✓              ✓                        ✓                  ✓           l                 l                     l           l           l XS                                    —            —           —
                                      ✓ 1975                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  l XL SS
                                      ✓ 1875


                    Interior lights           ✓                        ✓                          ✓                                ✓              ✓                        ✓                  ✓            ✓                 ✓                    ✓           ✓           ✓ (1)                   —               —            —           —

                           HELM

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ✓ XL SS
               Bubble windshield        ✓ SE                           ✓                          —                                —              —                       —                  —            —              ✓ SS                    —            ✓         ✓ XS SS                                   —           ✓ SS       l SSV
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              l SS

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ✓
                  Console storage             ✓                        l                          —                                ✓              ✓                       —                   ✓            ✓            ✓ Sport                              —          ✓ XS Sport            ✓ XL Sport          —           ✓ DC      l SSV-18
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Command

       Custom dual consoles with                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           —
                                       ✓ IFS                       —                              ✓                                ✓              ✓                        ✓                  ✓            ✓            ✓ Sport                  —           —          ✓ XS Sport            ✓ XL Sport          —           ✓ DC
         walk-through windshield



                     Side console             l                        ✓                          —                                —              —                       —                  —            —              ✓ SS                    —            ✓              ✓                        ✓           —            ✓         l SSV



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        ✓ Rebel
                             Horn             ✓                        ✓                          ✓                                ✓              ✓                        ✓                  ✓            ✓                 ✓                    ✓           ✓                                    l              —            l           —
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         l XS




     56 | LUND                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    www.lundboats.com




lu.fa16_equip_specs_v2.indd 56                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         9/22/16 9:59 AM
                                                    Standard & Optional Equipment




                                                                                                           (219, 208 Tiller, 202, 189)




                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Impact & Impact XS
                                                                         2075/1875 Pro-V Bass XS)
                                                                         (2075/1875 Pro-V Bass,




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Rebel XS & Rebel
                                                (2175, 2075, 1975,




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Fury XL & Fury
                                                                                                                                                        2075, 1900, 1800)




                                                                                                                                                                                                               Sport Angler
                                                                                                                                                        (2075 Magnum,




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    SSV, WC, A
                                                                                                                                                                                                   Crossover




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Pro Guide


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Renegade
                                                                                                    Pro-V GL




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Outfitter
                                                                                                                                                                            Tyee GL
                                                                                                                                                                                      (208, 189)




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Alaskan
        ✓     Standard Feature




                                                                                                                                         Baron
                                            Pro-V



                                                                     Pro-V




                                                                                                                                                 Tyee
                                                1875)

        l     Optional Equipment


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ✓ XS Sport                                               l DC
             Lighted instrumentation                ✓                        ✓                          ✓                                ✓              ✓                        ✓                  ✓            ✓                ✓                   ✓             ✓                                     l               ✓                        l SSV
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ✓ XS SS                                                  l SS

                      Lockable storage              ✓                        ✓                          ✓                                ✓              ✓                        ✓                  ✓            ✓                ✓                   ✓             ✓            ✓ XS                ✓ XL Sport          —             ✓ DC          —

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ✓ XS Sport               ✓ XL                            ✓ DC
                      Mercury Pre-Rig               ✓                        ✓                          ✓                                ✓              ✓                        ✓                  ✓            ✓                ✓                   ✓             ✓                                                    —                         l SSV
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ✓ XS SS                  ✓ SS                            ✓ SS

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ✓ XS Sport             l XL Sport
                 Mercury Pre-Rig with                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  l DC
                                                    ✓                        ✓                          ✓                                ✓              ✓                        ✓                  ✓            ✓                ✓                   ✓             ✓         ✓ XS SS                l XL SS             —                         l SSV
                              gauges                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   l SS
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              l Rebel SS             l Fury SS

                 Mercury SmartCraft    TM


                                                    l                        l                          l                                l              l                        l                  l           l                l                    l             l              —                     —               —              —            —
                             gauges
                 Padded bow bolsters            —                        —                              —                                l              l                        l                 —            —               —                     —            —               —                     —               —              —            —

                   Port console option
                                              l SE                           l                          —                                —              —                       —                  —           —              l SS                    —            —          l XS SS                l XL SS             —           l 2000 SS    l SSV-18
                     (Double Bubble)


                  Power tiller steering         —                        —                          ✓ 208                                —              —                       —                  —            —               —                   l 2075         —               —                     —               —              —            —


                 ProCapacity lockable
                                                    ✓                        ✓                          ✓                                ✓              ✓                        ✓                  ✓           —                 ✓                   ✓             ✓            ✓ XS                  ✓ XL              —              —            —
                   in-floor rod storage

                   PERFORMANCE

                  Built-in fuel system              ✓                        ✓                          ✓                                ✓              ✓                        ✓                  ✓            ✓                ✓                   ✓             ✓            ✓ XS                    —                ✓              ✓           —

                                            ✓ 2175
                                            ✓ 2075
            Freshwater pickup system                                     —                              ✓                                ✓              —                        ✓                 —            —             ✓ 2025                ✓ 2075         —               —                     —               —              —            —
                                            ✓ 1975
                                            ✓ 1875




        The following solid-construction features come standard on all Lund models**: aluminum bow and corner castings, double-riveted seams, heavy-duty
        treated transom, marine-grade 5052 H34 aluminum, oven-cured finish and poured foam for level flotation.
        STANDARD FEATURES ON MOST* MODELS**:                                                                                                                                                                                                                     POPULAR OPTIONS AVAILABLE ON
             ccessory brackets (standard on all models except Fury, SSV, WC, A; optional on Crossover, Impact, Rebel XS, Fury XL, Outfitter, Alaskan)
            A                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    MOST* MODELS**:
            Bilge pump (standard on all models except SSV, WC, A)                                                                                                                                                                                                   dditional pedestal seats (optional on all models except SSV, WC, A)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    A
             Bow eye (standard on all models)                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Battery charger (optional on all models except SSV, WC, A)
              Built-in fuel tank (standard on all models except Fury XL, Fury, SSV, WC, A)                                                                                                                                                                          Mooring cover (fish boats only)
               Casting platform (standard on all models except 1800 Alaskan DC, 1800/1600 Alaskan, SSV, WC, A)                                                                                                                                                       Travel cover
                Deck mounting pad (standard on all models except SSV, WC, A)
                 Drink holders (standard on most models)                                                                                                                                                                                                         * Not all standard and optional equipment available on all models;
                  Electronics package: depthfinder, trolling motor—see dealer for details                                                                                                                                                                           see your Lund dealer for more information.
                   Mercury outboard motor (standard on all models except Outfitter, SSV, WC, A)                                                                                                                                                                 ** See your Lund dealer or visit www.lundboats.com for Jon boat
                    Navigation lights (standard on all models except A; optional on SSV, WC)                                                                                                                                                                        standards and options.
                     Shoreland’r trailer (standard on all models except Outfitter, SSV, WC, A)




        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         LUND | 57




lu.fa16_equip_specs_v2.indd 57                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      9/22/16 10:00 AM
             Specifications




                                                                                                                                                                                                                      2075 Pro-V Bass XS
                                                                                                                         208 Pro-V GL Tiller




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    1875 Pro-V Bass XS
                                                                                                                                                                                                   2075 Pro-V Bass




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                1875 Pro-V Bass
                                                                                    2075 Pro-V IFS
                                                                 2175 Pro-V IFS




                                                                                                                                                  202 Pro-V GL




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            189 Pro-V GL
                                                                                                         219 Pro-V GL




                                                                                                                                                                     1975 Pro-V



                                                                                                                                                                                   1875 Pro-V
                                          PAGE NUMBER              6                    6                  7             10                         7                11             12                8                  9                      13                  14                      15

                                    Horsepower Maximum          350                300                  350             250                      300                 225           200            250                 250                      200                 200                     200
                                                                                                     (Mercury only)

                                         Centerline Length     21'10"             20'10"               21'9"            20'8"                   20'2"               19'8"         18'10"        20'10"               20'10"                    18'9"               18'9"                  18'9"

                                              Beam Width        102"               102"                102"             96"                      102"               100"           97"            96"                 96"                       96"                96"                     102"

                                              Stern Width       101"               101"                100"             95"                      100"               100"           97"           95.5"               95.5"                     95.5"              95.5"                   98.5"

                                          Amidship Depth       40.5"              40.5"                   —              —                        —                 39.5"          37"          32.25"               32.25"                   32.25"              32.25"                  45.5"

                                                Bow Depth      42.5"              42.5"                   —              —                        —                 42.5"         40.5"         32.25"               32.25"                   33.25"              33.25"                  41.5"

                                           Transom Height       25"                25"                   25"            25"                      25"                 25"           25"            25"                 25"                       25"                25"                     25"

                     Standard Boat Weight (approx. lbs)        2300               2150                 3000             2400                    2500                1940          1600           1850                1850                      1475               1475                    2550

                                             Capacity (lbs)    2200               2100                 2150             2100                    2000                2000          1800           1800                1800                      1650               1650                    1900

                                           Fuel Tank (gal.)      66                 56                   60              60                       60                 42             42            45                  45                        36                  36                      38

                                       Persons (maximum)           7                    7                  8                5                       6                   6             6               4                  5                         4                   5                      8

                                               Hull Design      IPS2               IPS2                IPS3             IPS2                     IPS3               IPS2           IPS2          IPS2                IPS2                      IPS2                IPS2                    IPS3

                             Thickness Freeboard/Bottom        .08/.125           .08/.125                —              —                        —                 .08/.1        .08/.1         .08/.1              .08/.1                   .08/.1              .08/.1                    —

                                 Twin Hull Plate Thickness      .225               .225                   —              —                        —                   .2           .18             .2                  .2                       .18                .18                      —

                                                  Gunwale       PTG                PTG                    —              —                        —                  PTG           PTG            PTG                 PTG                      PTG                 PTG                      —

                                                     Seats      4 AR               4 AR                4 AR             4 AR                     4 AR               4 AR           3 AR         1bench/1B 2solid/1B 1bench/1B 2solid/1B                                                   3 solid

                                               Seat Bases          6                    6                  7                6                       8                   6             6               3                  5                         3                   5                      7

                                    Console (with steering)   T(◆✓H) T(◆✓H)                           T(✓H)              —                      T(✓H)               T(✓H)         T(◆l H) S(◆l H) S(◆l H) S(◆l H)                                                 S(◆l H)                 T(✓H)

                                                  Livewell      PLP                PLP                  PLP             PLP                      PLP                 PLP           PLP             PL                 PL                        PL                  PL                     PLP

                                              Rod Storage        ✓L                 ✓L                   ✓L              ✓L                       ✓L                 ✓L            ✓L             ✓L                  ✓L                        ✓L                  ✓L                      ✓L

                                            Battery Holder       ✓5                 ✓5                   ✓5              ✓5                       ✓5                 ✓5            ✓3             ✓3                  ✓3                        ✓3                  ✓3                     ✓5

                                           Canvas Top Set     lTClSTlCT lTClSTlCT lTClSTlCT                              —                     lTClSTlCT lTClSTlCT lTCSTlCT                        —                   —                        —                   —                    lTClSTlCT

                                            Cockpit Depth      21.5"              21.5"                24.5"            22.5"                    25"               21.25"         21.25"          20"                 20"                       20"                20"                     25"

                             Bow Casting Platform Depth        12.75"             12.75"                 13"             —                        —                  11"           11"          16.75"               16.75"                   16.75"              16.75"                  10.75"



         SPECIFICATIONS LEGEND

         ✓      Standard Feature             IPS IPSTM Hull                          PTG ProTrakTM Gunwale                                                       AR AirRide Pedestal Seats                                                 H  Hydraulic Steering
         l      Optional Equipment           IPS2 IPSTM 2 Hull                       DTG DualTrak™ Gunwale                                                       B  Bike Seat                                                              ◆  No-feedback Tilt Steering
                                             IPS3 IPSTM 3 Hull                       FBG Fish Boat Gunwale                                                       S  Side Console                                                           ✚	No-feedback Steering with
                                             SVB Semi V-Hull                                                                                                     T	Twin Console with                                                         Optional Tilt
                                             TLVB True Lund V-Hull                                                                                                  Walk-through Windshield                                                ▲	No-feedback Steering


     58 | LUND                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             www.lundboats.com




lu.fa16_equip_specs_v2.indd 58                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     9/22/16 11:25 AM
                                                                                                                                                                               Specifications
                              2075 Tyee Magnum




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    2025 Impact Sport
                                                                                                                                                                                  1675 Crossover XS
                                                                                                                                     1875 Crossover XS




                                                                                                                                                                                                        2000 Sport Angler
                                                                                                                                                           1775 Crossover XS




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          1875 Impact Sport
                                                                                                                                                                                                                              1800 Sport Angler




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 1875 Impact SS
                                                                        208 Tyee GL




                                                                                                                    189 Tyee GL
              2275 Baron




                                                                                        1900 Tyee



                                                                                                      1800 Tyee
                                                    2075 Tyee




              16              17                    18                  19             20             20            21               22                     22                    23                    24                    24                    25                    25                     25

              350            250                   250                 300             200           175           200              175                    150                   115                    225                   175                  200                   150                    150

             22'9"          20'8"                 20'8"               20'8"           19'1"         18'1"         18'9"            18'10"                 17'10"                16'10"                 20'6"                 18'6"                20'2"                 18'9"                   18'9"

              102"          99.5"                 99.5"                96"             98"           95"          102"              95"                    95"                   92"                    97"                   97"                  96"                   94"                     94"

              101"           96"                   98"                 95"             97"           94"          98.5"             94"                    94"                   88"                    96"                   96"                  95"                  91.5"                   91.5"

              52"            48"                   48"                  —              45"          42.25"        45.5"            40.5"                  40.5"                 39.5"                  42.5"                 42.5"                 37"                   37"                     37"

              57"            52"                   52"                  —              48"           45"          41.5"             43"                    43"                   42"                    46"                   46"                  39"                  38.5"                   38.5"

              25"            25"                   25"                 25"             25"           25"           25"              25"                    25"                   25"                    25"                   25"                  25"                   25"                     25"

             2450           1920                  1980                2500            1600          1400          2650             1558                   1450                  1389                   1600                  1460                 1750                  1265                    1215

             2950           2350                  2350                2000            1800          1700          1900             1800                   1750                  1550                   2100                  1900                 2000                  1550                    1550

              70              50                    50                  50             40             27            38               32                     26                    19                    50                    41                    50                    32                     32

              12                   9                  9                   8              8             7              8                 8                       7                      6                     6                     6                     6                     6                     6

              IPS2           IPS2                  IPS2                IPS2            IPS2         IPS2          IPS3              IPS                    IPS                   IPS                   IPS2                  IPS2                  IPS2                  IPS                     IPS

            .08/.125        .08/.1                .08/.1                —             .08/.1        .08/.1          —              .08/.1                 .08/.1                .063/.08              .08/.1                .08/.1                .08/.1                .063/.08               .063/.08

              .225              .2                   .2                 —               .2            .2            —               .16                    .16                    .16                      .2                    .2                .18                    .16                    .16

              PTG            PTG                   PTG                  —              PTG           PTG            —               PTG                    PTG                   PTG                   DTG                   DTG                   DTG                   DTG                    DTG

           3solid/1AR      3solid/1AR            3solid/1AR            4 AR           3 solid       3 solid       3 solid          3 solid                3 solid               2 solid               2 solid               2 solid               4 solid               3 solid                3 solid

                 8                 5                  6                   7              6             6              7                 6                       6                      5                     7                     7                     6                     6                     6

            T(✓H)          T(◆✓H)                T(◆✓H)              T(◆✓H)           T(◆✓H) T(◆✓H)               T(✓H)           T(◆l H)                T(◆l H)               T(◆l H)                T(✚l H)               T(✚l H)               T(✚l H)               T(✚l H)                S(✚l H)

              PLP              AL                   AL                  PL              AL            AL            PL               AL                     AL                     AL                    AL                    AL                  PLP                     AL                     AL

              ✓L              ✓L                    ✓L                 ✓L              ✓L            ✓L            ✓L                ✓L                     ✓L                    ✓L                        ✓                     ✓                 ✓L                    ✓L                     ✓L

              ✓5              ✓5                    ✓5                 ✓5              ✓3            ✓3            ✓5               ✓3                     ✓3                     ✓3                    ✓3                    ✓3                    ✓3                    ✓3                     ✓3
           lTClSTlCT       lTClSTlCT             lTClSTlCT           lTClSTlCT lTClSTlCT lTClSTlCT lTClSTlCT                      lTClSTlCT              lTClSTlCT             lTClSTlCT              l PCTl CT             l PCTl CT             l STl CT              l STl CT                l BT

             30.5"           30"                   30"                26.5"            27"           27"           27"              25"                    25"                  24.5"                  26.5"                 26.5"                22.75"                 22"                     22"

            16.75"           16"                   16"                  —              11"           11"           12"              11"                    11"                   11"                   13.5"                 13.5"                11.25"                10.5"                   10.5"




        AL        Aerated Livewell                              TC       Premium Travel Cover                      CT	Complete Sport Top Set — Includes sport top, aluminum bows, bow
        PLP       ProLong Plus Livewell                         ST      Sport Top Set — Includes                       cover, walkway curtain, side curtains, and aft slant curtain (most models)
        PL        ProLong Livewell                                       top with aluminum bows                    PCT	Premium Complete Top Set — Includes stainless steel bows, weather
                                                                BT       Bimini Top                                     seal, bow cover, walkway curtain, side curtains, and aft slant curtain or aft
        L         Lockable Rod Storage                                                                                  drop curtain



        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     LUND | 59




lu.fa16_equip_specs_v2.indd 59                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  9/22/16 11:25 AM
             Specifications



                                                         1850 Impact XS Sport




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                1650 Rebel XS Sport
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    1750 Rebel XS Sport
                                                                                                                           1675 Impact Sport
                                                                                  1775 Impact Sport




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           1750 Rebel XS SS
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             1675 Pro Guide


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               1875 Renegade
                                                                                                                                                                                                           1775 Pro Guide
                                                                                                                                                                   2075 Pro Guide




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  1775 Renegade
                                                                                                                                                 1675 Impact SS




                                                                                                                                                                                         1875 Pro Guide
                                                                                                        1775 Impact SS
                                   PAGE NUMBER            26                       27                   27                 27                    27                 28                   28                29                29                30                31                 32                    32                    33

                           Horsepower Maximum            150                     125                   125                 90                    90                200                   90                90                75               115                90                115                    90                     90

                                  Centerline Length     18'7"                   17'9"                 17'9"              16'9"                 16'9"              20'9"                18'10"             17'9"             16'9"             18'9"             17'9" 17'6" 17'6"                                             16'6"

                                       Beam Width        94"                     94"                   94"                90"                   90"                93"                  93"                93"               90"              95"                95"               85"                    85"                  84"

                                       Stern Width       92"                    91.5"                 91.5"              91.5"                 91.5"               93"                  93"                93"              88.25"            95"                95"               83"                    83"                 82.5"

                                    Amidship Depth      38.5"                    37"                   37"                37"                   37"               36.5"                 37"               34.5"             34.5"             26"                26"              34.5" 34.5"                                 33.5"

                                        Bow Depth       40.5"                   38.5"                 38.5"              38.5"                 38.5"              38.75"               38.5"              37.5"              37"              24"                24" 36.75" 36.75"                                            36.5"

                                    Transom Height       25"                     25"                   25"                20"                   20"                25"                  25"                20"               20"              20"                20"               20"                    20"                  20"
                           Standard Boat Weight
                                                        1440                    1220                  1170               1175                  1125               1500                 1336               1225              1050              1270 1195 1135 1085                                                             1025
                                    (approx. lbs)
                                      Capacity (lbs)    1600                    1550                  1550               1550                  1550               2000                 1650               1600              1400              1325 1225 1400 1400                                                             1350

                                    Fuel Tank (gal.)      32                       27                   27                  19                   19                 42                   32                27                19                22                22                 19                    19                     19

                                 Persons (maximum)             6                       6                    6                   6                    6                 6                     6                 6               6                 4                  4                  6                      6                       6

                                        Hull Design      IPS                     IPS                   IPS                IPS                   IPS               IPS2                  IPS2               IPS               IPS              IPS                IPS               IPS                    IPS                  IPS

                    Thickness Freeboard/Bottom         .063/.08                 .063/.08              .063/.08           .063/.08              .063/.08           .08/.1               .063/.08 .063/.08 .063/.08                             .1/.1              .1/.1 .063/.08 .063/.08 .063/.08

                       Twin Hull Plate Thickness         .16                      .16                   .16                .16                   .16               .18                  .16               .143              .143               —                  —                .143                   .143                 .143

                                           Gunwale       DTG                     DTG                   DTG                DTG                   DTG                DTG                  DTG                DTG               DTG              DTG                DTG               DTG                    DTG                  DTG

                                              Seats     3 solid                 2 solid               2 solid            2 solid               2 solid            3 solid              3 solid 3 solid 2 solid 2S/1B 2S/1B 3 solid 3 solid 3 solid

                                        Seat Bases             6                       6                    6                   6                    6                 7                     7                 6               4                 2                  2                  6                      6                       6

                          Console (with steering)      T(◆l H) T(✚l H) S(✚l H) T(✚l H) S(✚l H)                                                                       —                     —                 —                —               S(✚)               S(✚)              T(▲)                   S(▲)                 T(▲)

                                           Livewell       AL                       AL                    AL                 AL                    AL               PLP                  PLP                 PL               PL                PL                PL                 AL                    AL                     AL

                                       Rod Storage        ✓L                      ✓L                    ✓L                 ✓L                    ✓L                ✓L                    ✓L                ✓L                ✓L                ✓L                ✓L                 ✓L                    ✓L                    ✓L

                                     Battery Holder      ✓3                       ✓3                    ✓3                 ✓3                    ✓3                ✓3                    ✓3                ✓3                ✓3                ✓3                ✓3                 ✓2                    ✓2                    ✓2

                                    Canvas Top Set     lSTlBTlCT                l STl CT               l BT              l STl CT               l BT               l BT                 l BT               l BT              l BT              —                  —               l STl CT                l BT                l STl CT

                                     Cockpit Depth      23.5"                    22"                   22"                22"                   22"               20.25"               19.5"               20"              20.75" 18.75" 18.75" 23.5" 23.5"                                                                   23"

                    Bow Casting Platform Depth          13.5"                   10.5"                 10.5"              10.5"                 10.5"              12.75"               12.5"              12.75"            12.5" 15.75" 15.75" 13.25" 13.25"                                                                  13"


         SPECIFICATIONS LEGEND

         ✓      Standard Feature              IPS IPSTM Hull                                           PTG ProTrakTM Gunwale                                                        AR AirRide Pedestal Seats                                                  H  Hydraulic Steering
         l      Optional Equipment            IPS2 IPSTM 2 Hull                                        DTG DualTrak™ Gunwale                                                        B  Bike Seat                                                               ◆  No-feedback Tilt Steering
                                              IPS3 IPSTM 3 Hull                                        FBG Fish Boat Gunwale                                                        S  Side Console                                                            ✚	No-feedback Steering with
                                              SVB Semi V-Hull                                                                                                                       T	Twin Console with                                                          Optional Tilt
                                              TLVB True Lund V-Hull                                                                                                                    Walk-through Windshield                                                 ▲	No-feedback Steering


     60 | LUND                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    www.lundboats.com




lu.fa16_equip_specs_v2.indd 60                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            9/20/16 12:23 PM
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Specifications
                                  1650 Rebel XS Tiller




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        2000 Alaskan Tiller
                                                                                                   1625 Fury XL Sport




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  2000 Alaskan DC




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                1800 Alaskan DC
             1650 Rebel XS SS




                                                                             1600 Rebel Tiller




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     2000 Alaskan SS




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     1800 Alaskan SS
                                                                                                                          1625 Fury XL SS




                                                                                                                                                                                                                          1400 Fury Tiller
                                                                                                                                                                                    1600 Fury Tiller
                                                                                                                                              1625 Fury Tiller




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               1750 Outfitter
                                                           1600 Rebel SS




                                                                                                                                                                                                         1400 Fury SS
                                                                                                                                                                   1600 Fury SS
            33                     34                      35                 35                   37                     36                  37                   38               38                   38               38                   39                 40                 40                  41                     40                   40

            90                     60                      50                 40                   60                     60                  50                   40               40                   30               30                   60                125                 125                125                     90                   90

           16'6"                 16'6"                   16'5"             16'5"                  16'3"                 16'3"               16'3"                16'2"            16'2"                14'9"            14'9"                 17'7"             20'6"               20'6"              20'6"                  18'9"                 18'9"

            84"                   84"                     77"               77"                   80"                    80"                 80"                 73.5"            73.5"                69.5"            69.5"                 77"               90.5"               90.5"              90.5"                   83"                   83"

           82.5"                 82.5"                   73.5"             73.5"                  77"                    77"                 77"                 64.75"           64.75"               64.75"           64.75"                74"                85"                 85"                85"                    79"                   79"

           33.5"                 33.5"                    31"               31"                  32.5"                  32.5"               32.5"                30.5"            30.5"                30.5"            30.5"                 32"                35"                 35"                35"                    33"                   33"

           36.5"                 36.5"                    33"               33"                   35"                    35"                 35"                 35.5"            35.5"                35.5"            35.5"                 33"                39"                 39"                39"                    36"                   36"

            20"                   20"                     20"               20"                   20"                    20"                 20"                  20"              20"                  20"              20"                  20"                25"                 25"                20"                    20"                   20"

            975                   920                     710               647                   902                    862                 812                  565              520                  545              500                  805               1275                1200               1105                   1105                  1030

           1350                  1350                    1225              1225                  1250                   1250                1250                 1200             1200                 1080             1080                 1400               2100                2100               2100                   1600                  1600

             19                    19                          6                  6                12                     12                  12                     —                —                    —                —                   19                27                  27                 27                      19                   19

                6                        6                     5                  5                    5                     5                   5                     5                 5                   4                 4                   5                 7                    7                   7                      7                    7

            IPS                   IPS                     IPS               IPS                    IPS                   IPS                 IPS                  IPS              IPS                  IPS              IPS                  TLVB                IPS                IPS                IPS                     IPS                  IPS

          .063/.08              .063/.08                 .063/.08          .063/.08              .063/.08               .063/.08            .063/.08             .063/.08         .063/.08             .063/.08         .063/.08             .063/.1            .08/.1              .08/.1             .08/.1                 .08/.1               .08/.1

           .143                  .143                        —                  —                   —                      —                   —                     —                 —                   —                 —                .18                  —                   —                   —                      —                    —

            DTG                   DTG                     DTG               DTG                   DTG                    DTG                 DTG                  FBG              FBG                  FBG              FBG                  DTG                DTG                 DTG                DTG                    DTG                  DTG

          3 solid                3 solid                 2 solid           2 solid               2 solid                2 solid             2 solid              2 solid          2 solid              2 solid          2 solid              3 solid            3 solid             3 solid            3 solid                2 solid              2 solid

                6                        4                     4                   4                   6                     6                   4                     4                 3                   3                 3                    4                5                    5                   4                      5                    5

           S(▲)                       —                   S(▲)                  —                 T(▲)                   S(▲)                  —                  S(▲)                 —                S(▲)                 —                   —              T(▲l H) S(▲l H)                           —                    T(▲)                 S(▲)

             AL                    AL                       AL                AL                   AL                     AL                  AL                   AL                AL                  AL                AL                   AL                AL                  AL                 AL                      AL                   AL

            ✓L                    ✓L                          ✓                  ✓                   ✓                      ✓                   ✓                     ✓                 ✓                   ✓                 ✓                   ✓                 ✓                   ✓                    ✓                     ✓                    ✓

            ✓2                    ✓2                       ✓2                ✓2                    ✓2                     ✓2                  ✓2                      1                  1                  1                  1               ✓1                 ✓2                 ✓2                 ✓2                      ✓2                   ✓2
            l BT                  l BT                       —                 —                      l                      l                   l                  —                 —                   —                 —                    —              l STl CT             l BT               l BT                  l STl CT              l BT

            23"                   23"                     22"               22"                   20"                    20"                 20"                  21"              21"                  21"              21"                  20"               22.5"               22.5"              22.5"                   21"                   21"

            13"                   13"                    11.75"            11.75"                 7.5"                   7.5"                7.5"                13.5"            13.5"                13.5"            13.5"                 7.5"              14.75"              14.75"             14.75"                     —                    —




        AL                  Aerated Livewell                                         TC           Premium Travel Cover                                           CT	Complete Sport Top Set — Includes sport top, aluminum bows, bow
        PLP                 ProLong Plus Livewell                                    ST          Sport Top Set — Includes                                            cover, walkway curtain, side curtains, and aft slant curtain (most models)
        PL                  ProLong Livewell                                                      top with aluminum bows                                         PCT	Premium Complete Top Set — Includes stainless steel bows, weather
                                                                                     BT           Bimini Top                                                          seal, bow cover, walkway curtain, side curtains, and aft slant curtain or aft
        L                   Lockable Rod Storage                                                                                                                      drop curtain



        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         LUND | 61




lu.fa16_equip_specs_v2.indd 61                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      9/20/16 12:23 PM
             Specifications




                                                            1800 Alaskan Tiller




                                                                                                        1600 Alaskan Tiller
                                                                                    1600 Alaskan SS




                                                                                                                                                       SSV-14
                                                                                                                                SSV-18



                                                                                                                                           SSV-16




                                                                                                                                                                            WC-14
                                                                                                                                                                  WC-16




                                                                                                                                                                                          WC-12



                                                                                                                                                                                                       A-14



                                                                                                                                                                                                                   A-12
                                       PAGE NUMBER           41                     40                  41                      42          42         42         43        43            43           44          44

                                 Horsepower Maximum          75                     75                  60                      60          40         35         25        25            15           15          10

                                      Centerline Length    18'9"                  16'10"              16'10"                   18'4"      16'2"       14'2"      16'2"     14'6"         12'1"        14'1"       12'1"

                                           Beam Width       83"                    81"                 81"                      76"        72"         70"        72"       69"           61"          61"         60"

                                            Stern Width     79"                    79"                 79"                     70.5"      64.5"       64.5"      63"       63"            58"         51.5"       51.5"

                                       Amidship Depth       33"                    33"                 33"                     28.5"      28.5"       28.5"     26.25"    26.25"          23"          21"         21"

                                             Bow Depth      36"                    36"                 36"                     35"         35"         35"       29.5"    28.75"       25.625"        24.5"       24.5"

                                        Transom Height      20"                    20"                 20"                     20"       15"/20"     15"/20"    15"/20"   15"/20"         15"         15"          15"

                Standard Boat Weight (approx. lbs)          975                    915                 860                     460       340/350 285/295 325/335 285/295                  205         194          164

                                          Capacity (lbs)   1600                   1350                1350                     1500      1100/1200   915/1020    1150      1000           700         785          645

                                        Fuel Tank (gal.)     19                     19                  19                      —           —          —          —         —              —           —            —

                                    Persons (maximum)             7                   6                    6                     7         5/6          4          5         4             3            3           3

                                            Hull Design     IPS                    IPS                 IPS                      IPS        IPS         IPS       SVB       SVB            SVB         SVB          SVB

                       Thickness Freeboard/Bottom          .08/.1                 .08/.1              .08/.1                  .063/.1    .063/.08 .063/.063 .063/.063 .063/.063 .063/.063 .063/.063 .063/.063

                          Twin Hull Plate Thickness           —                     —                   —                       —           —          —          —         —              —           —            —

                                               Gunwale      DTG                    DTG                 DTG                     FBG         FBG        FBG        FBG       FBG            FBG         FBG          FBG

                                                  Seats    2 solid                2 solid             2 solid                 4 bench    4 bench     4 bench    5 bench   4 bench      4 bench       3 bench    3 bench

                                            Seat Bases           4                    4                    3                    —           —          —          —         —              —           —            —

                                 Console (with steering)      —                   S(▲)                  —                     l S(▲)      l S(▲)     l S(▲)       —         —              —           —            —

                                               Livewell      AL                     AL                  AL                      —           —          —          —         —              —           —            —

                                           Rod Storage          ✓                     ✓                   ✓                     —           —          —          —         —              —           —            —

                                         Battery Holder     ✓2                     ✓2                  ✓2                         l          l           l        —         —              —           —            —

                                        Canvas Top Set      l BT                   l BT                l BT                     —           —          —          —         —              —           —            —

                                         Cockpit Depth      21"                    21"                 21"                      —           —          —          —         —              —           —            —

                        Bow Casting Platform Depth            —                     —                   —                       —           —          —          —         —              —           —            —



         SPECIFICATIONS LEGEND                                                                                                                                                       (see page 61 for additional symbols)


         ✓      Standard Feature              IPS IPSTM Hull                                   PTG ProTrakTM Gunwale                        AR AirRide Pedestal Seats               H  Hydraulic Steering
         l      Optional Equipment            IPS2 IPSTM 2 Hull                                DTG DualTrak™ Gunwale                        B  Bike Seat                            ◆  No-feedback Tilt Steering
                                              IPS3 IPSTM 3 Hull                                FBG Fish Boat Gunwale                        S  Side Console                         ✚	No-feedback Steering with
                                              SVB Semi V-Hull                                                                               T	Twin Console with                       Optional Tilt
                                              TLVB True Lund V-Hull                                                                            Walk-through Windshield              ▲	No-feedback Steering


     62 | LUND                                                                                                                                                                                    www.lundboats.com




lu.fa16_equip_specs_v2.indd 62                                                                                                                                                                                        9/20/16 12:23 PM
                                                                           Powerful Partners
                 Lund Gear

                                                                        Lund prides itself on delivering the most
                                                                        rugged and dependable boats in the
                                                                        fishing industry, so it’s no surprise that
                                                                        Lund teams up with Mercury® Marine to
                                                                        provide the solid and efficient power to
                                                                        get you there and back. Mercury is an
                                                                        industry leader in four-stroke and direct-
                                                                        injected two-stroke technology, and all of
                                                                        its engines run smoothly and responsively
                                                                        in any water conditions. Check out
                                                                        Mercury’s latest and greatest offerings
                                                                        here, and for more information, visit
                                                                        www.mercurymarine.com.

                                                                        OPTIMAX PRO XS
                                                                        Mercury’s OptiMax Pro XS outboards deliver
                                                                        unprecedented speed and acceleration to
                                                                        help you get to where the fish are biting—
                                                                        fast! Several qualities make the Pro XS the
                                                                        best-selling tournament outboard in the
                                                                        world. For starters, its two-stage direct-in-
                                                                        jection system and high-tech carbon fiber
                                                                        reeds make for incredibly quick response and
                                                                        outstanding performance. The Pro XS also
                                                                        boasts higher open-throttle rpm for remark-
                                                                        able acceleration.

                                                                        SPITFIRE PROPELLER
                                                                        Mercury’s FourStroke outboards have a part-
                                                                        ner in crime: the Spitfire propeller. Four
                                                                        bold and uncompromising blades with high
                                                                        rake angles and extra cup give Mercury’s
                                                                        FourStrokes greater acceleration without
                                                                        compromising top speed.

                                                                        150 FOURSTROKE
                                                                        The 150 FourStroke is the lightest, most
                                                                        versatile and most durable outboard in its
                 WEAR WITH PRIDE                                        power class. Its remarkably low maintenance
                 You wouldn’t be caught in any boat but a Lund
                                                                        and top-of-the-line fuel efficiency allow
                 while fishing your favorite waters. Now you can fur-
                                                                        fishermen (and their families) to spend more
                 ther look the part of a hardcore angler, thanks to
                                                                        time out on the water. Sleek and reliable, the
                 Lund’s extensive line of apparel. Men, women and
                                                                        150 FourStroke has everything you need.
                 children can sport clothing with a range of Lund
                 logos from past to present and hats for sun protec-
                 tion. Show your Lund pride along with the pros by
                 visiting www.lundboats.com and clicking on Gear.




        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                LUND | 63




lu.fa16_equip_specs_v2.indd 63                                                                                             9/23/16 11:57 AM
      BOATING’S BEST
      LIFETIME WARRANTY
      Lund’s Lifetime Limited Warranty gives you the
      best overall coverage available. From bow to
      stern, gunwale to gunwale, your new Lund is
      backed with a transferable* warranty—and
      Lund’s promise that we’ll make sure any
      claims are handled with speed, ease and our
      full support.

      It’s because Lund boats are built so well that
      we can afford to give you this superior warranty.
      We don’t think you’ll need it; we have that much
      confidence in our boats. But if you do need war-
      ranty support, you can be sure you’ll have the
      very best in the industry.                           HIGHER STANDARDS                                                        NOTES
                                                           Every Lund boat is built to meet or exceed rigorous                     Some photos of Lund boats in this catalog show fac-
      • Lifetime Warranty on double-riveted seams         NMMA certification standards and Coast Guard regu-                      tory and/or dealer installed options. Photographs are
         (Aluminum)                                        lations. But first, every Lund must pass the toughest                   taken under controlled conditions. Colors are subject
      • Lifetime Warranty on all plywood panels,          test of all—our own standards for quality and crafts-                   to printing limitations and are approximations only.
         related materials and labor (Aluminum)            manship.
      • Lifetime Warranty against structural hull                                                                                 Because Lund is dedicated to constant product
         defects (Fiberglass)
                                                           RESALE VALUE                                                            improvements, the specifications, options, color
      • Three-Year 100 Percent Bow-to-Stern Parts
                                                           When you buy a Lund boat, you become part of the                        selections and model availabilities of our boats are
         and Labor, some exclusions apply—ask your
                                                           Lund family and part of our tradition of excellence.                    subject to change without notification.
         Lund dealer for details
      • Transferable*                                     When it comes time to sell your Lund boat, your in-
                                                           vestment in Lund quality will be rewarded.                              ProTrak™ Cover Fastening System is patented
      Lund’s Three-Year Material and Workmanship                                                                                     (Patent # 6,886,489)
      Warranty is transferable*—ask your Lund dealer       LUND DEALERS                                                            Boat With Enhanced Access to Engine and Stern
      for details.                                         Because we build the best boats on the water, we                          is patented (Patent # 6,935,266)
                                                           can afford to be selective with who sells them. When                    Boat With Recessed Shifter is patented
      See dealer for full warranty details; standard       you see the Lund sign hanging in the window, you                          (Patent # 6,971,328)
      exclusions apply.                                    know the dealer inside meets Lund’s strict standards                    Accessory Mounting System for a boat is patent
                                                           for customer satisfaction. Stop by any of our dealers,                    pending
      *Lifetime warranty on double-riveted seams,         and you’ll see why they’ve earned the right to carry                    SportTrak™ Accessory Mounting System for a
        plywood panel, and structural fiberglass hull      the Lund line.                                                            boat is patented (Patent # 7,341,231)
        are non-transferable. Second owner receives
        10-year pro-rated warranty.
                                                           LUND PROFESSIONALS                                                      SPECIAL THANKS
                                                           Without the dedicated efforts of the people at Lund                     Auger’s Pine View Resort, Lindner Media
                                                           who build our boats and the professional anglers who                    Productions, Mercury Marine, MotorGuide,
                                                           help design them, the Lund tradition of excellence                      Mr. Walleye Specialties, Plano Molding
                                                           would not be possible. Thank you.                                       Company, Frabill, Gemini Sport Marketing.
      Lund Boat Company          Lund Boats Canada, Inc.
      318 West Gilman St.        98 PTH 52 West
      P.O. Box 248               Steinbach, MB
      New York Mills, MN         R5G 1Y1
      56567
      218-385-2235
      Visit us at www.lundboats.com                           Please follow the rules of safe boating, take a boating safety course, be courteous to others and respect the marine environment.
      For clothing, visit www.lundboats.com/gear                                         Lund, a Brunswick Company. ©2016 Lund Boat Company. Printed in the USA.




lu.fa16_equip_specs_v2.indd 64                                                                                                                                                               9/20/16 12:23 PM
               “When you talk to the consumer, there’s a tradition
                 of ‘I remember my first Lund from fish camp,’ or
                 ‘my dad and grandpa had a Lund.’ It’s not all about
                 trophies and big checks. Experience new places,
                 catch fish, go have fun!”
                 -Lund Pro Scott Glorvigen




        www.lundboats.com                                              LUND | 65




lu.fa16_equip_specs_v2.indd 65                                           9/20/16 12:23 PM
lu.sp16.boaterchoice.ad_Layout 1 9/20/16 12:27 PM Page 1




                                 SECURE CHOICE




                          To truly relax and enjoy your time on the water, you need to be confident that you have the right
                          insurance. Boater’s Choice is one of the most respected names in boat insurance, offering broad
                          coverage at competitive rates. And you have our guarantee that should you have a claim, our
                          professionals can be reached 24/7 to assist you with prompt, professional, courteous service.



                                                                 Exclusive Insurance Offer
                                                 Boater’s Choice is offering $10,000 worth of personal effects
                                                   coverage, including fishing equipment, free of charge.*

                                                  * Offer available only on OneBeacon Policies. Underwriting restrictions apply.




                                                       For a no obligation quote, give us a call today.
                                                                          800-768-2121
                                                               www.boaterschoiceinsurance.com




 lu.fa16_ads.indd 5                                                                                                                9/20/16 12:29 PM
