                                                                 ®




                                      2018 lineup




                       Aluminum, fiberglass, pontoon and Jon Boats




lu.fa17_cover.indd 1                                                 10/3/17 10:34 AM
          PRESIDENT
             PRESIDENT’S NOTE
              Photo by Bill Lindner




                                                   A Time of Growth
                                                   Lund’s portfolio of boats has expanded dramatically
                                                   over the past couple of years, and we couldn’t be
                                                                                                                                                          ®
                                                   more excited. We’ve launched a whole new series of bass
                                                   boats, utility mod-Vs and LX pontoons, recognizing the          President, Lund Boats
                                                                                                                   Dirk Hyde
                                                   need to constantly adapt to our customers’ specific species
                                                   or activity of choice.                                          Marketing Director
                                                                                                                   Jason Oakes
                                                                                                                   Marketing Manager
                                                   The brand-new Predator series features a modified-V hull,       Tony Kolker
                                                   giving avid hunters, fishermen and outdoor enthusiasts the
                                                   perfect multi-purpose utility boat. Access all varieties of
                                                   waters—from the shallows to rivers to big water. Turn to        LUND
                                                                                                                   Magaz ine
                                                   page 6 of the magazine and page 48 of the catalog to explore
                                                                                                                   President/Publisher
                                                   the range of sizes, multiple layouts and variety uses of this   Douglas Leik
                                                   dynamic new boat.                                               Account Executive
                                                                                                                   Annie Brown
                                                   Lund’s new pontoon series (page 52 of the catalog) features
                                                   Cruise, Fish & Cruise, Fish, Walk-Thru and Walk-Thru            Editorial Director
                                                                                                                   Randy Hess
                                                   Dual Seating layouts to suit a range of boater preferences.
                                                   With abundant plush seating and enviable performance,           Managing Editor
                                                                                                                   Amy Wideman
                                                   each one of our pontoons makes getting away from it all
                                                                                                                   Senior Editor
                                                   equally comfortable and thrilling. But Lund couldn’t produce    Elli Purtell
                                                   a pontoon series without making sure fishing was front and      Editor At Large
                      This is an exciting time     center. The LX Fish and LX Fish & Cruise have been designed
                                                   for serious anglers and fishing-focused families alike. Turn
                                                                                                                   Jennifer Chesak
                                                                                                                   Editor At Large

                         for Lund, and we’re       to page 8 of the magazine to read about how the DeChaine
                                                   family uses their LX220 Fish & Cruise to fish, explore and
                                                                                                                   Alexa Poteet



                        extremely grateful to      bond on Minnesota’s Deer Lake.                                  Creative Director
                                                                                                                   Russell Duncan
                                                                                                                   Digital Creative Director
                         our loyal customers       Catering to hardcore bass fishermen, the Pro-V Bass series
                                                   and Renegade series continue to expand and change the
                                                                                                                   Kraig Devenport
                                                                                                                   Art Director
                        and fans who inspire       market. Important bass boat features—large bow casting
                                                   deck, a shallow draft and a modified-V hull—combine with
                                                                                                                   Justin Goode
                                                                                                                   Graphic Designer
                             us to work hard,      Lund’s IPS™ hull technology to create hybrid models that
                                                   boast incredible versatility and better performance than the
                                                                                                                   Brittany Huisenga
                                                                                                                   Photographers

                          constantly improve       average bass boat. Read about the Pro-V Bass and Renegade
                                                   series on pages 9 and 32 of the catalog, respectively.
                                                                                                                   Bill Lindner, Scott Pederson



                            our products and       Despite all the new models, our legendary aluminum boats
                        engineer new models        remain treasured all over the world. Read about North Haven
                                                   Resort in northern Manitoba, which uses a fleet of Lunds to
                                                                                                                   Lund magazine is published
                        that expand access to      allow guests to catch walleye and northern pike on remote
                                                   Utik Lake (page 12).
                                                                                                                   two times a year for Lund Boats,
                                                                                                                   by Dino Publishing LLC. Any

                        more anglers in more       This is an exciting time for Lund, and we’re extremely
                                                                                                                   correspondence should be directed to:
                                                                                                                   Dino Publishing,
                                                                                                                   350 W. Hubbard St, Suite 400
                                      locations.   grateful to our loyal customers and fans who inspire us to
                                                   work hard, constantly improve our products and engineer new
                                                                                                                   Chicago, IL 60654
                                                                                                                   Tel: 312-822-9266
                                                                                                                   Fax: 312-822-9268
                                                   models that expand access to more anglers in more locations.    email: dleik@dinopublishing.com
                                                   We look forward to what the years ahead will bring.
                                                                                                                   The opinions expressed in this magazine are
                                                   Stay connected with Lund all year by following us on Facebook   not to be considered official expressions of
                                                                                                                   Dino Publishing or Lund Boats. The pub-
                                                   (facebook.com/lundboats) and Instagram (@lundboats).            lisher reserves the right to accept or reject all
                                                                                                                   editorial or advertising matter. The publisher
                                                                                                                   assumes no responsibility for unsolicited
                                                                                                                   manuscripts, photographs, or artwork. Re-
                                                                                                                   production in whole or in part of any text,
                                                   Dirk Hyde                                                       photograph, or illustration without prior writ-
                                                                                                                   ten permission from the publisher is strictly
                                                   President, Lund Boats                                           prohibited. Printed in U.S.A.

                                                                                                                   Copyright © 2017 Lund Boats.




lu.fa17.prez.indd 2                                                                                                                                    10/6/17 11:05 AM
                                                                                                                                                       CONTENTS
                                                                                                                                                       TABLE OF CONTENTS
                                                                                                                                                       MODEL YEAR 2018 | VOLUME 9




                                                                                                                                                        FEATURES

                                                                                                                                                        08 Fish, Play,
                                                                                                                                                           Learn, Repeat
                                                                                                                                                            A Lund LX220 Fish &
                                                                                                                                                            Cruise pontoon acts as one
                                                                                                                                                            family’s classroom, front
                                                                                                                                                            porch and fishing boat.

                                                                                                                                                        12 Secret Haven
                                                                                                                                                            North Haven Resort
                                                                                                                                                            uses a fleet of Lund
                                                                                                                                                            boats to help guests


                                                                                                                                                                                         12
                                                                                                                                                            catch multiple species
                                                                                                                                                            on Manitoba’s Utik Lake.




                                                                                                               08
                DEPARTMENTS
                02 First Cast
                     Another successful Ultimate Fishing Camp,
                     a win for winterizing and new Lund gear.

                06 Legendary Lund
                     The all-new Predator series expands
                     go-anywhere utility to new waterways.




                                                                                                                                ®




                                                                                                     2018 lineup




                                    On the cover:
                     The 1875 Pro-V has everything a serious
                       fisherman or tournament angler could
                           want in an aluminum fishing boat.




                                                                                                                                                       06
                                    Photo by Scott Pederson.
                                                                                      Aluminum, fiberglass, pontoon and Jon Boats




                                                               lu.fa17_cover.indd 1                                                 10/3/17 10:34 AM




lu.fa17.TOC.indd 1                                                                                                                                                                            10/6/17 10:00 AM
           FIRST
           CAST
             Gear, news and ideas to deliver the
             ultimate fishing experience.




             Photo courtesy of RAWfish Creative Group




             Ultimate Fish-Fighter
             The ultimate fishing experience was back in a big way this summer. Lund Boats teamed up with Leisure Outdoor Adventures and Chase on the
             Lake Resort to host the second annual Ultimate Fishing Camp, June 25-28, 2017, on the shores of Leech Lake in Walker, Minnesota. The camp wel-
             comed 20 participants of all ages and ability levels, who soaked up three days of classroom and on-water instruction from nine Lund Pro Staff
             members. The professional anglers passed along tips for how to catch a variety of species, use boat electronics (with assistance from Lowrance®
             Electronics experts), better understand boat control, perfect different fishing methods, filet the catch-of-the-day, and much more. In between
             instruction time, participants enjoyed socializing with fellow fishermen over delicious meals, including a particularly tasty fish fry, and reeling
             in the rewards of their newfound knowledge in the form of many large walleye, bass and pike.
                 “We host Ultimate Fishing Camp to bring us together as fishermen and to share camaraderie,” says Scott Glorvigen, owner of Wired2Fish and
             one of the professional anglers at the event. “But more importantly, it allows us to share what we do on the water every day. Those little details
             added up to catching a lot of fish.”
                 Visit leisureoutdooradventures.com/ultimatefishingcamp2017 to learn more. Next year’s Ultimate Fishing Camp will take place June 24-27, 2018.



      2 | LUND                                                                                                                          www.lundboats.com




lu.fa17_FirstCast.indd 2                                                                                                                                    10/5/17 4:55 PM
                                                                                                        COMPLETE
                                                                                                        COVERAGE
                                                                                                          Fishing outings aren’t always as simple as
                                                                                                          hopping onboard your boat with a rod in hand.
                                                                                                          Boater’s Choice understands this, offering
                                                                                                          comprehensive coverage for all the things you
                                                                                                          need to reel in your next catch: your beloved
                                                                                                          Lund, fishing rods, tackle, fishfinders, gear
                                                                                                          and other technology. Find the right plan for
                                                                                                          your needs, such as one that pays the agreed
                                                                                                          value on total loss with no depreciation and
                                                                                                          a separate deductible for onboard electron-
                                                                                                          ics. Then get out on the water and savor the
                                                                                                          simple solitude with complete assurance that
                                                                                                          you’re protected when you need it. Boater’s
                                                                                                          Choice representatives are available to assist
                                                                                                          you 24/7. Get a no-obligation quote today by
                                                                                                          visiting boaterschoiceinsurance.com.




                WIN AT Winterizing
                   As you prepare to bundle up for the winter months, make sure your Lund’s gasoline is
                   just as well protected. ValvTect X-Tended Protection + Gasoline Treatment (XP+), a multi-
                   functional, premium-grade gasoline treatment, keeps gasoline in prime condition until
                   the first thaw and beyond, thanks to refinery chemicals specially formulated to improve
                   gasoline performance in marine engines. Whether your gasoline contains ethanol (E10)
                   or not (E0), is used every day or occasionally, or is in storage for a year or longer, XP+
                   ensures your engine is ready to start. XP+ contains ValvTect’s stabilizer, combined with
                   proprietary corrosion inhibitor to stop any corrosion possibilities,
                   water dispersant to remove controlled amounts of water, and a
                   combination of specially developed gasoline detergents to help clean
                   up carbon deposits and prevent octane loss.

                   “XP+ helps your engine work at its best performance level, preventing
                   gasoline from breaking down and ‘aging,’ which causes hard starting
                   and increased maintenance costs,” says Marvin Griffin, president of
                   ValvTect Petroleum Products. “You’ll be ready to focus on the fish at
                   the first moment of spring launch.” Available at marinas and marine
                   dealers nationwide. Visit valvtect.com.




         www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                 LUND | 3




lu.fa17_FirstCast.indd 3                                                                                                                                     10/5/17 4:55 PM
           FIRST
           CAST
             Gear, news and ideas to deliver the
             ultimate fishing experience.




                   Lund
               On the Go
                Download the Lund Tour Guide app to access a world
                of information. Loaded with helpful features you
                won’t find anywhere else, the Lund app includes
                answers to Frequently Asked Questions about boat
                and trailer operation and maintenance, a dealership
                locator, informative videos from Lund’s Pro Staff
                members, and a handy QR code reader that allows
                you to scan your Mercury® engine and access manu-
                facturer resources specific to your propulsion system.

                           Download the Lund Tour Guide app from the
                             iTunes App Store. Compatible with iPhone,
                                                  iPad and iPad touch.




                                                                         GEAR ALL YEAR
                                                                         Stock up on Lund gear so you’re ready for the cooler
                                                                         temperatures ahead and stocked up for next fishing season.
                                                                         Dozens of new shirts, hats, sweatshirts, accessories and more
                                                                         proudly display the Lund name while keeping you comfortable
                                                                         on the water. New for 2018, the blue fleece sweatshirt is ideal
                                                                         for those brisk fall evenings and chilly spring mornings. For
                                                                         sunny and warm days, opt for any of Lund’s ball caps, including
                                                                         the Distressed Patch Trucker Snap Back Hat, which comes in a
                                                                         variety of color combinations.

                                                                                     TO VIEW ALL OF THE LATEST LUND GEAR,
                                                                                                     VISIT LUNDBOATS.COM.




      4 | LUND                                                                                                           www.lundboats.com




lu.fa17_FirstCast.indd 4                                                                                                                   10/3/17 10:49 AM
lu.fa17.ad.indd 5   10/3/17 10:51 AM
lu.fa17.legendary_lund2_Layout 1 10/6/17 10:03 AM Page 6




         GDY LU
           LEGENDARY LUND
            Story by Elli Thompson Purtell | Photos by Scott Pederson




                 Seek Out Your Prey
                 in a New Way
                 The all-new Predator series brings utility and versatility to new waterways,
                 with its three different layouts and trademark Lund toughness
                                                                                                                unlike other boats, the Predator gets an added boost
                                                                                                                from Lund’s all-welded aluminum hull, which guaran-
                                                                                                                tees a whole different level of durability and reliability.
                                                                                                                This boat is the complete package.”
                                                                                                                   Designed for work or play, the Predator is every
                                                                                                                hunter, fisherman or outdoor lover’s dream. Besides
                                                                                                                the advantages of the all-aluminum construction and
                                                                                                                mod-V hull structure, this utility-first rig features on-
                                                                                                                board amenities that provide so much more than your
                                                                                                                average Jon boat. Anglers will appreciate the spa-
                                                                                                                cious livewells (18 gallons on the 1660 and 1760, and
                                                                                                                23 gallons on the 1870 and 2070), the port rod stor-
                                                                                                                age, and the addition of the Lund SportTrak™ and
                                                                                                                ProTrak™ gunnels, which allow for the attachment
                                                                                                                and easy movement of additional rod holders, tool
             FOR 70 YEARS, Lund has built durable and versatile fishing boats that take you to the              holders and more without any type of drilling.
             farthest reaches—from the tundra of Russia to the thick pines of Northern Minnesota—to             Hunters can take advantage of the optional metal
             pursue the species of your choice and leave the water with a hefty haul. The all-new Pred-         sponson pods, which not only create additional buoy-
             ator series expands on this commitment to accessibility and fishability, giving anglers in         ancy for shallow water, but also provide a convenient
             the mid-South and southern U.S. a rugged, go-anywhere utility boat that’s ideal for their          ramp for getting four-legged companions onboard.
             region and their passions.                                                                            Boaters of every kind will find the plentiful stor-
                 “The Predator series brings the very best Lund qualities to a utility boat that expands ac-    age convenient for all their gear. This includes three
             cess to more waterways,” says Rory Wiebe, product manager for Lund. “This boat will provide        deep compartments in the bow, and under-seat stor-
             comfort, convenience and reliability on a whole new level for a wide variety of outdoorsmen—       age at the helm. Standard non-skid flooring and
             from commercial fishermen to waterfowl hunters to lodge owners.”                                   gunnel liner makes on-board movement safer, and a
                 The Predator—which comes in model sizes of 1660, 1760, 1870 and 2070, and center con-          standard ladder makes boarding a breeze. An expan-
             sole, side console and tiller layouts—features an all-welded modified-V hull that creates a        sive bow platform opens up space for casting or
             flatter bottom for controlled planing, superior tracking and maximum comfort while running         hunting, with a pedestal bow seat for added comfort.
             in the shallower backwaters commonly found throughout the south. This hull structure also          Opt for the rod/gun locker to store your additional
             makes for seamless transitioning between water types—from bigger, open water reservoirs to         tools, and choose a color —Green, Tan, Mossy Oak
             shallower areas of the bayou. Sealed with a tough finish, the Predator can handle a beating        Shadow Grass or Mossy Oak Breakup—to meet your
             from both your surroundings and whatever you drag onboard.                                         specific on-water needs.
                 The convenient center console layout offers unbeatable maneuverability while fishing              The Predator’s do-it-all nature extends to its per-
             for crappies or other species of choice, as well as increased onboard space for transporting       formance. Standard tach and fuel gauges and a switch
             more supplies. (The Predator series also comes in side console and tiller layouts. Turn to         panel grace the console, giving captains ultimate con-
             page 48 to learn more.) A standard leaning post provides a greater vantage point for ex-           trol. Whether you’re hard at work or pursuing your
             ceptional visibility while navigating trickier backwaters that may be filled with structure,       favorite pastime, whether you’re out on open water or
             low-hanging branches, and tight twists and turns. Stand up and navigate comfortably, or            picking your way through the shallows, the Predator
             sit down and use the drop-down foot rest. Either way, you’ll feel secure thanks to the the         series delivers in a big way.
             grab rail and standard windscreen.
                 “The Predator will resonate with many boaters, particularly those in the south who rely        To learn more about the all-new Predator series, turn to
             on crystal-clear sightlines for navigating the types of waters they’re used to,” Rory says. “But   page 48 of the catalog.




      6 | LUND                                                                                                                                  www.lundboats.com
lu.fa17.legendary_lund2_Layout 1 10/5/17 5:08 PM Page 7




                                                          The Predator series gives
                                                          anglers in the mid-South
                                                             and southern U.S. a
                                                            rugged, go-anywhere
                                                            utility boat for their
                                                          region and their passions.
lu.fa17.fishpontoon.indd 8   10/5/17 4:12 PM
                             F I S H,
                             PL AY,
                             LEARN,
                             REPEAT
                                 THE DECHAINE FAMILY’S
                                      LX220 FISH & CRUISE
                                PONTOON PROVIDES THE
                             PERFECT PLACE TO CREATE
                                  NEW FAMILY MEMORIES


                                         STORY BY COLLEEN TOLAN

                                       PHOTOS BY JILLIAN DECHAINE



                                          erhaps few things remain as mysterious as the life unknown
                                          around us. Our home is also home to an estimated 8.7
                                          million different species—the majority of which remain
                             unidentified. This includes 91 percent of underwater creatures. Ryan
                             DeChaine, his wife, Jillian, and their two kids—Hudson (4) and
                             Ella (2)— seize the opportunity to explore the unknowns of Minnesota’s
                             Deer Lake as a family, using their new LX220 Fish & Cruise pontoon as
                             the platform.
                               Ryan’s first classroom was his family’s 14-foot Lund. While on fishing
                             trips on the same Deer Lake, he learned how to interact with the
                             elements, how to play with marine life, and the importance of isolated
                             family time. The line required his patience; the weather commanded
                             his revere. And collectively, all those days on the water formed his
                             understanding of the world around him.




lu.fa17.fishpontoon.indd 9                                                                              10/5/17 4:12 PM
                                 Even Ryan’s earliest memories come from                 That euphoric feeling of connecting with
                                 times onboard that first Lund—one in                 nature and family colors Ryan’s memories of
                                 particular. He must have been about 4 or 5           childhood, and it’s one he hopes to pass on to
                                 years old, and he had been fishing all day           his kids onboard the family’s Lund LX220 LFC.
                                 with his dad. It was long past sunset and            “That’s what we want the pontoon to be: a place
                                 they still hadn’t caught anything. But Ryan’s        for them to learn about the world and a place to
                                 precocity for fishing started young, as did his      make memories,” he says.
                                 relentlessness. He waited for hours without             This learning starts with the activity closest
                                 so much as a bubble in the water and then…           to Ryan’s heart: fishing. With all the amenities
                                 Ryan recalls feeling the bobber going down. A        of a hardcore fishing boat, the LX220 LFC is
                                 small tug. Then a stronger one.                      the perfect platform for creating memories that
                                    Too little to even hold the rod by himself,       rival those from his childhood. The standard aft
                                 Ryan can still see the flopping walleye at the       fishing station features a split 31-inch, 11-gallon
                                 end of his line like it was yesterday. He can feel   aerated livewell/baitwell and removable bait
                                 his father’s embrace holding him, securing the       bucket, and a standard rod locker holds four
                                 walleye and gripping him in a hug of excitement.     rods up to 8 feet. Two aft chairs in the stern
                                 They pulled the fish onboard and headed to           provide comfort for hours of fishing. Optional
                                 shore. Despite it being almost midnight, Ryan        shallow-water anchors allow the DeChaines to
                                 hopped onto the dock and ran up to his family’s      fish anywhere on the lake with the touch of a
                                 cabin to wake his grandma and show off the           button, and an electric trolling motor and GPS
                                 still-wet fish. “I remember thinking it was the      make exploring and navigating a breeze. “The
                                 coolest thing I had done and she would want to       LX220 LFC makes fishing super easy so we can
                                 know,” Ryan recalls with a grin.                     take the kids and it keeps them entertained all
                                                                                      day long,” Ryan says.
                                                                                         The pontoon’s sprawling deck and overall
                                                                                      spaciousness not only facilitate great casting
       “That’s what we want the pontoon to                                            and maneuverability on fishing trips, but also
                                                                                      allow for the kids to play and for adult friends
        be: a place for them to learn about the                                       to unwind during more relaxed afternoons.

        world and a place to make memories.”                                          The 22-foot pontoon easily accommodates a




                                Ryan and his family, including
                                his father (lower left) and dog
                                Daisy take in the beautiful
                                nature on Deer Lake.




      10 | LUND                                                                                                www.lundboats.com




lu.fa17.fishpontoon.indd 10                                                                                                         10/5/17 5:21 PM
                                                                        “We wanted a boat that could bring
         dozen people (and the DeChaine’s dog, Daisy),
                                                                         people into the family, where we could
         with plush, pillow-top seating throughout—                      get everyone onboard and pull up to an
         including stylish dual lounges in the bow.
         An optional table upgrade in the bow makes                      island and deliver this experience.”
         socializing natural. “We wanted a boat that
         could bring people into the family, where we
         could get everyone onboard and pull up to an
         island and deliver this experience,” Ryan says.     about the anatomy of it. Our kids naturally love    through fractured light in the sky. How else
            Amid the fun and games, Hudson and Ella          water so they’re preoccupied with learning from     do you teach about a rainbow? What better
         also fit in some quality educational time,          natural resources.”                                 way to explain light and color than through
         observing the land, weather and water. Just as        After all, the two aft chairs aren’t just ideal   experiencing it without distraction? Out there
         the 14-foot Lund was Ryan’s one-time classroom,     for a day of serious fishing; they also serve       on the water, the DeChaines have the whole
         his kids now have the LX220 LFC. The large aft      as front-row seats to admire the wonders of         theater to themselves.
         deck delivers up-close and personal access to the   nature, including a mid-afternoon rainbow.             “I love introducing people to this lake, to this
         water, and plenty of deck space gives them room     From out there on the water, the rainbow is         resource and the appreciation for the nature
         to spread out and study their discoveries. “The     no longer a faint wash of pigment in the sky        around you,” Ryan says. “It is sacred ground.
         boat provides a step away from normal life and      but a vibrant arch of dye with no visible end.      On the water, you’re forced to consider the
         it opens their minds up to science and nature,”     Something born out of a storm, miraculously         elements around you. It’s a completely different
         Ryan says. “There is so much happening at           displaying the full spectrum of color               perspective that allows for powerful memories,
         that interface. We catch a crayfish and can talk    experienced every day, but now all at once          and we love that.”




         www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                  LUND | 11




lu.fa17.fishpontoon.indd 11                                                                                                                                   10/3/17 10:53 AM
                         TUCKED IN THE DENSE FORESTS
                             OF NORTHERN MANITOBA,
                              NORTH HAVEN RESORT’S
                          17 LUNDS HUNT WORLD-CLASS
                            FISH IN A PRIVATE SETTING

                               STORY BY ALEXA M. POTEET | PHOTOS PROVIDED BY NORTH HAVEN RESORT




     12 | LUND                                                                                    www.lundboats.com




lu.fa17.NorthHaven.indd 12                                                                                     10/3/17 10:55 AM
        www.lundboats.com    LUND | 13




lu.fa17.NorthHaven.indd 13     10/3/17 10:55 AM
     T               The oxygen-rich waters of Utik Lake in northern Manitoba make a productive
                     home for northern pike, walleye and even lake trout. After all, this remote
                     35-mile-long lake between the Canadian Shield and the Hudson Bay lowlands
                     is approximately 90 miles by air to the nearest road. Its large, healthy fish are
                     undisturbed by the likes of day-trippers and other casual anglers. To outdoorsman
                     and angler Dennis Punches, it seemed like the perfect spot to open a fishing resort
                     as intimate and unique as the location itself. And in 2008, North Haven was
                     born—a fly-in, unparalleled experience that captures fishing the way it should be.


                       North Haven’s General Manager Ryan Smith has taken this
                     goal of intimacy to heart in managing the upscale resort. “Our
                     maximum capacity is 34 guests, making our staff-to-guest ratio
                     higher than 1:1. This enables us to provide an unparalleled level
                     of customer service,” he says. “Our guides are energetic and
                     eager to put guests on big fish.”
                       In crafting the resort experience, North Haven’s operators
                                                                                          they know they will receive the very best in all other aspects of
                                                                                          their trip. Lund, like North Haven, is synonymous with high-
                                                                                          end quality.”
                                                                                             North Haven is located 360 nautical miles north of Winnipeg,
                                                                                          and the fully catered guest experience for North Haveners
                                                                                          begins there. An agent escorts them from Winnipeg to North
                                                                                          Haven via a 90-minute flight aboard a 30-passenger turbo prop.
                     knew they would need reliable, high-caliber boats to please          On the journey, guests can begin to appreciate the remote,
                     their discerning fishermen. Thankfully, the answer was easy:         untouched nature of northern Manitoba. From the moment
                     North Haven has used Lunds exclusively since its first day in        the flight arrives at North Haven’s private 4,500-foot gravel
                     operation. Today, they run a sleek fleet of 17 boats, all 1875 Pro   driveway, the luxury fishing experience begins. After a quick
                     Guides. Ryan shares: “We started with the best in quality and        breakfast, guests are on the water right away. “Guests do not
                     performance and have never looked back. We want our guests to        need to bring anything except their clothes,” Ryan says. “This is
                     experience the best. When they see that we use the finest boats,     all part of the package and the North Haven experience.”




                                                      Utik Lake’s 35 miles teem with
                                                          walleye and northern pike.




     14 | LUND                                                                                                                          www.lundboats.com




lu.fa17.NorthHaven.indd 14                                                                                                                                    10/5/17 5:23 PM
              An 1875 Pro Guide helps guests
              explore Manitoba’s Utik Lake.




                    “We want our guests to experience the best. When they see that we use the finest boats,
                     they know they will receive the very best in all other aspects of their trip. Lund, like
                     North Haven, is synonymous with high-end quality.”



                 If being one of 17 boats on a 35-mile-long private lake isn’t      wood-burning fireplace to take the chill out of the air. From
              exclusive enough for guests, North Haven also offers day fly-outs     there, guests move on to a hearty breakfast in the lodge’s main
              on a float plane to other private lakes for monster sea-run brook     dining room, where classically trained chefs use the vegetables
              trout and other big fish. At its fly-out lakes, the resort operates   and herbs grown in the resort’s onsite greenhouse.
              Lund 1750 Outfitters, so their guests can maintain the same level       Bellies full, the fishing day begins when guests are picked up
              of comfort no matter where they fish. “Our guests really enjoy        at the private docks in front of their cabins. Out on the water,
              the stable fishing areas that our Lunds provide,” Ryan explains.      they spend their mornings jigging on rock points or casting
              “The 1875 Pro Guide allows plenty of room for two fishermen to        on sand flats for walleye. “In just a couple of casts, our guests
              cast simultaneously from the front deck.” To keep guests on big       often catch enough fish to more than fill the large livewells of
              fish, North Haven has also made some upgrades and additions to        our Lund boats!” Ryan says. “Utik Lake has a prolific walleye
              the boats, including extended casting platforms, downscan and         population, and guests can catch countless numbers of healthy
              side imaging depth-finder GPS units, and electric trolling motors,    green and gold colored fish.” With full livewells, the Lunds pull
              to name a few. Of course, premium rods, reels and tackle are all      up to one of many private shore lunch spots for a picnic. North
              included for the ultimate fishing experience.                         Haven expands on the classic Canadian shore lunch of fried
                 The private, elite nature of North Haven includes more than        walleye and fries to include gourmet preparations of lemon-herb
              the fishing experience, however. A typical day for guests begins      baked walleye, classic onion rings and homemade chocolate chip
              with their personal guide building a fire in their private cabin’s    cookies with a million-dollar lakeside view.




        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                               LUND | 15




lu.fa17.NorthHaven.indd 15                                                                                                                                10/3/17 10:55 AM
                        After lunch, guests seek out aggressive northern pike. “Utik
                     Lake is home to an exceptionally vast population of trophy
                     northern pike,” Ryan says. “Each season our guests catch and
                     release hundreds of fish over 41 inches in length with many
                     fish measuring as long as 50 inches.” And with North Haven the
                     sole operators on this rich body of water, guests are guaranteed
                     there will never be more than 17 boats on the entire lake. They
                     never have to compete for trophy catches.
                        When North Haveners tire of reeling in huge fish, they return
                     to the lodge to enjoy top-shelf cocktails and hors d’oeuvres with
                     fellow anglers in the early evening. If they haven’t bonded with
                     one another already, several big-screen TVs display the day’s                      Almost all other manufacturers
                     catches, allowing friends new and old to tell fish stories as they            compare themselves to Lund. They’ve
                     share laughs and relax. A gourmet dinner, rivaling the world’s
                                                                                                    created a tradition of quality. When
                     best steakhouses, rounds out the dining experience. Afterward,
                     guests can shoot pool, mingle at the bar or enjoy a spa massage                  you buy a Lund, you know you are
                     to limber up for the next day’s adventures. For those simply                                getting the best. Period.
                     ready to tuck in for the night, the northern lights provide a
                     serene lightshow by which to drift off to sleep in the deep forest.   a lifetime.” But this fleet stays strong for whatever challenges and
                     The end of a long day of fishing is perhaps when North Haven          excitement Utik Lake brings. Ryan continues, “I can say without a
                     embodies its name most.                                               doubt that Lund boats perform and Lund boats last.” North Haven
                        One might think that the Lund boats at North Haven take a          wouldn’t trust anyone else with their guests’ happiness.
                     beating with so much use at this remote and unique location. That        For anglers who expect the very best—and those at
                     would be right, except… They’re Lunds, of course. “Our Lund boats     North Haven do—there is only one choice. “Almost all other
                     go out every day,” Ryan says. “They experience rough water and        manufacturers compare themselves to Lund,” Ryan says.
                     get pulled up on rocky shorelines. Our boats likely experience        “They’ve created a tradition of quality. When you buy a Lund,
                     more use in one season than many owners will use their boats in       you know you are getting the best. Period.”




     16 | LUND                                                                                                                             www.lundboats.com




lu.fa17.NorthHaven.indd 16                                                                                                                                        10/5/17 5:24 PM
        2018
         ALuminum, fiberglass, pontoon And Jon Boats catalog




lu.fa17.ca_cover.indd 1                                        10/2/17 5:22 PM
                       FISHING AT ITS FINEST.
                       Before our boats leave the factory, before they ever touch water, we mark them with Lund’s name across the side. For
                       us, the mark isn’t a matter of decoration. It’s a symbol that recognizes a heritage of superior construction and unbeat-
                       able performance. Because from a distance, you might not be able to distinguish the IPS™ hull or the power strake
                       design, but you can see four letters across the side—four letters that represent 70 years of quality craftsmanship
                       by fishermen, for fishermen.
                       The next time you’re in a secluded cove with a line in the water, look at that mark on the side of your boat and know you’re
                       not just in a fishing boat. You’re in a Lund.




lu.fa17_Intro.indd 2                                                                                                                                  10/5/17 5:30 PM
                       Contents
                       02 Superior Construction
                       04 Lund Technology
                       07 Pro-V
                       14 Baron
                       15 Tyee
                       20 Crossover
                       22 Sport Angler
                       23 Impact
                       30 Pro Guide
                       32 Renegade
                       34 Rebel
                       38 Fury
                       41 Outfitter
                       42 Alaskan
                       44 SSV
                       45 WC
                       46 A
                       47 Jon Boats
                       48 Predator
                       52 Pontoons
                       57 Pontoon Options & Accessories
                       59 SportTrak
                       60 Options & Accessories
                       65 Colors
                       66	Fiberglass Features & Options
                       67 Standard & Optional
                           Equipment
                       71 Specifications
                       76 Lund Gear
                       76 Mercury Engines
                       77 Warranty




lu.fa17_Intro.indd 1                              10/5/17 5:32 PM
      Two Hulls, One Tradition
                       Lund’s hulls are made from fiberglass and aluminum—two
                       very different materials. But our hulls aren’t defined by raw
                       material. They’re defined by tradition, quality craftsmanship
                       and meticulous standards. Because how the boat is made is
                       just as important as what it’s made from.

                       Both our aluminum and fiberglass hulls are derived from the same innovative
                       design—Lund’s IPS™, IPS™2 and IPS™3 (Integrated Power Strake) technology.
                       We’ve developed a construction process that incorporates the same industry-
                       leading design into every hull that comes off the line.
                           Our aluminum and fiberglass hulls expand your possibilities and offer a
                       customizable experience. We take pride knowing that whatever material you
                       choose—whether it’s the smooth and sleek fiberglass or rugged aluminum—you’re
                       still in a Lund.




      2 | LUND                                                                  www.lundboats.com




lu.fa17_Intro.indd 2                                                                             10/3/17 11:32 AM
                                           FIBERGLASS
                                           The smooth finish and sleek coloration on Lund’s
                                           fiberglass boats come from precision molds developed
                                           at Lund. But beyond the distinctive fiberglass look, the
                                           molds also serve to ensure consistency in performance
                                           and durability in every fiberglass hull that comes off the
                                           line. True straightness within the composite fiberglass
                                           structure is guaranteed because the molds themselves
                                           have been optimized from the outset.




                                           ALUMINUM
                                           Lund’s aluminum hulls aren’t just built to perform at the
                                           highest level. They are built to maintain that unmatched
                                           handling through years of hard use. That starts by
                                           using the most durable raw aluminum in the industry.
                                           From there, our employees use cutting-edge shaping
                                           techniques to hand-piece together the IPS™ and IPS™ 2
                                           hulls on every Lund (excluding the Predator). A boat may
                                           look similar in the showroom, but it’s what is under the
                                           floor that makes a Lund stand apart.




            Captain’s Comforts
                                 1. TYEE/TYEE MAGNUM/BARON: COMMAND CONSOLE Tyee, Tyee
                                 Magnum and Baron series will amaze anglers with a fantastic set of
                                 features—for both fishing and comfort. The command console offers
                                 distinct style and an ergonomic layout where everything is closer at hand.
                                 2. REBEL XS: HELM Anglers have everything at their disposal when at
                                 the helm of the 1750/1650 Rebel XS. For starters, clear, easy-to-read
                                 gauges make it effortless to check fuel, tach and speed while underway.
                                 Helm toggles are right within reach, as is a spacious and protective cell-
          1                2     phone holder.




       www.lundboats.com                                                                             LUND | 3




lu.fa17_Intro.indd 3                                                                                    10/3/17 11:32 AM
            Smooth Operator

            Sometimes you’re only as good as the boat you fish in. If you
            can’t maintain your position while fishing, your chances for hook-
            ing that fish of a lifetime decrease significantly. Thankfully,
            Lund boats have been meticulously engineered and constructed
            to deliver unmatched control that allows you to outperform the
            competition every time.
                At the core of it all is Lund’s exclusive IPS™ (Integrated
            Power Strake), IPS™2 and IPS™3 hull designs. The IPS system
            utilizes a pronounced center keel that helps maintain ultimate
            boat control. At the back of the hull, water hits a flat pad,
            which greatly reduces churn. The non-turbulent water creates
            less motor strain and, ultimately, delivers better performance.
                Wide reverse chines allow for precise cornering maneuvers
            and overall better control. They allow the boat to get on plane
            quicker and improve holeshot, as well. Finally, a wider foot-
            print enhances onboard stability.
                IPS integrates all of these features into a cohesive system
            that provides anglers with better backtrolling, superior drift
            control and more precise boat positioning. Simply put, Lund
            boats deliver a better, faster, higher, smoother and drier ride.


                                                                                            1875 Pro-V Bass shown




                                                                                 1 Lund Boats track like a train
                                                                                 on rails, when trolling forward or
                                                                                 backward, to maintain your desired
                                                                                 position at any time. 2 Additional
                                                                                 strakes on the IPS™2 hull provide
                                                                                 more control to enhance tracking
                                                                                 ability and give you the competi-
                                                                                 tive advantage. 3 Reverse chines
                                                                                 add an additional dimension to
                                                                                 boat control. They not only provide
                                                                                 added stability, but also additional
                                                                                 edges to cut water and stay on top
                                                                                 of the fish. 4 Lund’s pronounced
                                                                                 center keel works to eliminate
                                                                                 cross drift, making it easy to stay
                                                                                 in complete control and reduce
                                                                                 battery and human fatigue.




      4 | LUND                                                                                 www.lundboats.com




lu.fa17_Intro.indd 4                                                                                                10/5/17 5:33 PM
            Superior Flotation
            Lund engineers strive to design hulls that can endure the most extreme
            conditions. One of those extremes? A hull riddled with dozens
            of gaping holes—66 to be exact. The engineers gouged into the
            aluminum around the entire frame of their “holey” boat and launched
            it onto the water. The boat not only stayed afloat, it maintained
            stability and performance at high speeds when on plane, allowing the
            engineers to safely return to land with little more than damp shoes.
                The secret to Lund’s superior flotation, even when taking on
            water, is strategically injected foam that meets and exceeds Coast
            Guard regulations. The buoyant material lining the inside of the hull
            ensures superior stability and flotation under extreme stress. For more
            information on Lund’s flotation compliance process and to see videos
            of the “holey” boat, visit www.lundboats.com.




         www.lundboats.com                                                            LUND | 5




lu.fa17_Intro.indd 5                                                                    10/2/17 5:21 PM
         A Job Well Done
                            Lund’s pioneering work with livewells keeps
                            your catch healthier and less prone to stress
                                        1. P R O L O N G P L U S T h e e n v y o f t h e
                                        industry and the most technologically
                                        advanced system to ever hit the water,
                                        the ProLong Plus is designed with a freshwater
                                        pickup integrated into the bottom of the
                                        hull, where it forces a steady flow of water
                                        into the livewell while the boat is running.
                                        2. PROLONG This two-pump design keeps
                                        water fresher and fish calmer than any other
                                        in the industry. One pump fills and aerates
                                        the well from above the fish, while the other
                                        recirculates and injects fresh air via the
                                        Max-Air system for maximum oxygenation.
                                        3. AERATED Lund’s high-quality aerated
                                        livewell features a single pump with a single-
                                        switch control. You also have the option
                                        of running the aerator pump continuously
                                        in manual mode, or intermittently in
                                        automatic mode when the model is equipped
         1. PROLONG PLUS
                                        with a timer.




           2. PROLONG      3. AERATED



      6 | LUND                                                  www.lundboats.com




lu.fa17_Intro.indd 6                                                               10/2/17 5:21 PM
                                                                                                                                                                         PRO-V
                                                                                                                                                                             IFS

                                                                                                                                                                        2175 / 2075




            AWC                                           Boats may show factory and/
                                                          or dealer installed options.
                                                          Please see dealer for details.




         1                                    2




         3                                    4
        1. Side tackle tray storage holds
        up to 14 trays (2175 shown)
        2. Optional ski pylon 3. The sleek
        command console is available
        with gauges or optional glass dash
        4. In-deck rod storage with room
        for 15 rods 5. Optional aft deck
        extension
                                              5


                                                                                                                                            SPECIFICATIONS
                                IPS™ 2       Approximate      Maximum            Transom      Fuel         Livewell       Rod Storage          Seat         Seat
          Length      Beam
                             Chine Width       Weight           HP                Height      Tank         Systems         Capacity          Pedestals     Bases
          21'10"      102"       89.25"       2300 lbs.            350               25"      65 gal    Bow 27"/12 gal       7'11"–10'0"     4 Air Ride      6        2175
                                                                                                         Aft 51"/25 gal

          20'10"      102"       89.25"       2150 lbs.            300               25"      62 gal    Bow 27"/12 gal       7'11"–9'0"      4 Air Ride      6        2075
                                                                                                         Aft 51"/25 gal
                                                                                                                                                                              2175    2075
                                                                                           Storage     Livewell   Baitwell      Seats      Seat Bases     Fuel Tank
        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                             Lund | 7




lu.fa17_ProV.indd 7                                                                                                                                                                    10/2/17 5:25 PM
                PRO-V GL
                      219 / 202




                                                                                                                             Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                                               or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                                             Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                                        1                                          2




                                                                                                        3                                          4
                                                                                                                                                   1. Center rod storage 2. Starboard
                                                                                                                                                   on-deck rod straps come standard
                                                                                                                                                   3. Removable aft storage pods for
                                                                                                                                                   all your gear 4. Recessed switch
                                                                                                                                                   panel for more seamless control
                                                                                                                                                   5. 33-gallon aft ProLong Plus
                                                                                                                                                   livewell/baitwell


                                                                                                        5


                                        SPECIFICATIONS
                                                              IPS™ 3      Approximate    Maximum        Transom    Fuel        Livewell            Rod Storage        Seat         Seat
                                        Length     Beam
                                                           Chine Width      Weight         HP            Height    Tank        Systems              Capacity        Pedestals     Bases
                                  219    21'9"     102"        87.5"        3000 lbs.          350           25"   65 gal   Bow 20 gal/30.5"          8'0"–9'0"     4 Air Ride      7
                                                                                                                             Aft 33 gal/51"

                                  202    20'2"     102"        87.5"        2700 lbs.          300           25"   65 gal   Bow 20 gal/31"            7'0"–8'0"     4 Air Ride      7
                                                                                                                            Aft 33 gal/51"
        219           202
                                         Storage    Livewell   Baitwell   Seats   Seat Bases     Fuel Tank
     8 | LUND                                                                                                                                                 www.lundboats.com




lu.fa17_ProV.indd 8                                                                                                                                                                     10/5/17 5:36 PM
                                                                                                                                                                 PRO-V BASS/
                                                                                                                                                                   BASS XS
                                                                                                                                                                      2075




            AWC                                            Boats may show factory and/
                                                           or dealer installed options.
                                                           Please see dealer for details.




         1                                     2




         3                                     4
        1. Optional radio brings music
        onboard 2. Ergonomic console puts
        control at the captain's fingertips
        3. Optional removable port console
        includes glove box 4. XS layout
        offers aft flip-up seats 5. Center
        rod locker holds 15 rods


                                               5


                                                                                                                                            SPECIFICATIONS
                                IPS™ 3        Approximate      Maximum            Transom      Fuel         Livewell       Rod Storage         Seat         Seat
          Length      Beam
                             Chine Width        Weight           HP                Height      Tank         Systems         Capacity         Pedestals     Bases
          20'10"      96"        81.5"         1850 lbs.            250               25"      49 gal     Aft 36"/28 gal      8'0"–10'0"     2 Pro Ride      5
                                                                                                                                               2 bike



                                                                                                                                                                       Bass XS   Bass
                                                                                            Storage     Livewell   Baitwell     Seats      Seat Bases     Fuel Tank
        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                        Lund | 9




lu.fa17_ProV.indd 9                                                                                                                                                               10/3/17 1:17 PM
                PRO-V GL
                       TILLER

                        208




                                                                                                                    Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                                      or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                                    Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                                1                                         2




                                                                                                3                                         4
                                                                                                                                          1. Integrated tool holder keeps all
                                                                                                                                          your tools organized 2. Deep bow
                                                                                                                                          storage compartments 3. Lockable
                                                                                                                                          rod storage holds up to 11 rods
                                                                                                                                          (8'0") 4. Built-in tackle tray storage
                                                                                                                                          5. Recessed bow gunnel storage
                                                                                                                                          with net


                                                                                                5


                                SPECIFICATIONS
                                                      IPS™ 2      Approximate    Maximum        Transom    Fuel       Livewell            Rod Storage         Seat          Seat
                                Length     Beam
                                                   Chine Width      Weight         HP            Height    Tank       Systems              Capacity         Pedestals      Bases
                                 20'8"     96"         87"          2400 lbs.          250           25"   65 gal   Bow 31"/13 gal           6'6"–8'0"      4 Air Ride       6
                                                                                                                    Aft 51"/26 gal




                                 Storage    Livewell   Baitwell   Seats   Seat Bases     Fuel Tank
     10 | LUND                                                                                                                                       www.lundboats.com




lu.fa17_ProV.indd 10                                                                                                                                                          10/3/17 1:17 PM
                                                                                                                                                                         PRO-V
                                                                                                                                                                       1975 / 1875




            AWC                                             Boats may show factory and/
                                                            or dealer installed options.
                                                            Please see dealer for details.




         1                                      2




         3                                      4
        1. Optional split jump seats provide
        convenient comfort 2. Sleek side
        console with optional VesselView™
        3. Storage with Advanced Water
        Control keeps your gear drier
        4. Optional side rod tubes offer
        quick access 5. Optional ski pylon
        for watersports action
                                                5


                                                                                                                                            SPECIFICATIONS
                                 IPS™ 2        Approximate      Maximum            Transom      Fuel         Livewell       Rod Storage        Seat         Seat
          Length       Beam
                              Chine Width        Weight           HP                Height      Tank         Systems         Capacity        Pedestals     Bases
          19'10"       100"      87.25"         1940 lbs.            225               25"      51 gal    Bow 27"/11 gal       7'0"–8'0"     4 Air Ride      6        1975
                                                                                                           Aft 42"/22 gal

          18'10"       97"       83.75"         1710 lbs.            200               25"      43 gal    Bow 27"/11 gal       7'0"-8'0"     3 Air Ride      6        1875
                                                                                                           Aft 42"/22 gal
                                                                                                                                                                             1975    1875
                                                                                             Storage     Livewell   Baitwell    Seats      Seat Bases     Fuel Tank
        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                            Lund | 11




lu.fa17_ProV.indd 11                                                                                                                                                                   10/3/17 1:18 PM
           PRO-V BASS/
             BASS XS
                       1875




                                                                                                       Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                         or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                                                                                            AWC
                                                                                                       Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                                 1                                              2




                                                                                                 3                                              4
                                                                                                                                                1. Bow command area features
                                                                                                                                                tool holder and trim switch
                                                                                                                                                2. The XS layout includes flip
                                                                                                                                                seats 3. Removable port console
                                                                                                                                                option 4. Command console with
                                                                                                                                                flush-mount graph options 5. Large
                                                                                                                                                storage compartments keep the bow
                                                                                                                                                clutter-free
                                                                                                 5


                                 SPECIFICATIONS
                                                       IPS™ 2      Approximate    Maximum        Transom          Fuel            Livewell      Rod Storage       Seat        Seat
                                 Length     Beam
                                                    Chine Width      Weight         HP            Height          Tank            Systems        Capacity       Pedestals    Bases
                                  18'9"     96"         81.5"        1475 lbs.          200           25"         39 gal       Aft 36"/28 gal     8'4"–9'0"       1 bike       3




            Bass       Bass XS
                                  Storage    Livewell   Baitwell   Seats   Seat Bases     Fuel Tank
     12 | LUND                                                                                                                                           www.lundboats.com




lu.fa17_ProV.indd 12                                                                                                                                                             10/3/17 1:19 PM
                                                                                                                                                                     PRO-V GL
                                                                                                                                                                       189




                                         Boats may show factory and/
                                         or dealer installed options.
                                         Please see dealer for details.




         1                                         2




         3                                         4
        1. Ample port bow storage holds gear
        2. Console with flush-mount option
        3. Convenient bow station has space
        for mounting electronics 4. Center
        rod storage for 15 rods 5. 12-gallon
        bow livewell keeps fish fresh



                                                   5


                                                                                                                                           SPECIFICATIONS
                                 IPS™ 2         Approximate               Maximum   Transom    Fuel         Livewell        Rod Storage       Seat         Seat
          Length       Beam
                              Chine Width         Weight                    HP       Height    Tank         Systems          Capacity       Pedestals     Bases
           18'9"       102"       87"              2550 lbs.                200       25"      41 gal    Bow 12 gal/24.5"     7'0"–8'0"     3 Air Ride      7
                                                                                                          Aft 22 gal/46"




                                                                                            Storage     Livewell   Baitwell    Seats      Seat Bases     Fuel Tank
        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                    Lund | 13




lu.fa17_ProV.indd 13                                                                                                                                                            10/3/17 1:19 PM
                  BARON
                        2275




                                                                                                                   Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                                     or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                                   Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                               1                                         2




                                                                                               3                                         4
                                                                                                                                         1. 24-gallon, 38" livewell holds the
                                                                                                                                         day's catch 2. Bow offers additional
                                                                                                                                         room and storage 3. Integrated aft
                                                                                                                                         flip-up seats provide additional
                                                                                                                                         seating 4. Starboard rod storage
                                                                                                                                         holds 4 rods up to 10' 5. Port
                                                                                                                                         console drawer keeps items
                                                                                                                                         tucked away
                                                                                               5


                               SPECIFICATIONS
                                                     IPS™ 2      Approximate    Maximum        Transom    Fuel       Livewell            Rod Storage        Seat         Seat
                               Length     Beam
                                                  Chine Width      Weight         HP            Height    Tank       Systems              Capacity        Pedestals     Bases
                                22'9      102"        89"          2450 lbs.          350           25"   70 gal   Bow 25"/9 gal           8'6"–10'0"      3 solid/        8
                                                                                                                   Aft 38"/24 gal                         1 Air Ride




                                Storage    Livewell   Baitwell   Seats   Seat Bases     Fuel Tank
     14 | LUND                                                                                                                                      www.lundboats.com




lu.fa17_Baron_Tyee.indd 14                                                                                                                                                  10/5/17 5:38 PM
                                                                                                                                                                   TYEE/
                                                                                                                                                               TYEE MAGNUM
                                                                                                                                                                                 2075




                                         Boats may show factory and/
                                         or dealer installed options.
                                         Please see dealer for details.




        1                                          2




        3                                          4
        1. Port rod storage (Magnum)
        2. Port console provides additional
        storage (Tyee/Magnum) 3. 15-gallon,
        37" livewell (Magnum) 4. Ski pylon
        holder (Tyee) 5. Console with fully
        equipped instrumentation (Tyee/
        Magnum)


                                                   5


                                                                                                                                              SPECIFICATIONS
                                IPS™ 2          Approximate               Maximum   Transom      Fuel         Livewell       Rod Storage         Seat         Seat
         Length      Beam
                             Chine Width          Weight                    HP       Height      Tank         Systems         Capacity         Pedestals     Bases
           20'8"     99.5"       87.5"             1920 lbs.                250       25"        49 gal     Aft 37"/15 gal      8'6"–10'6"      3 solid/       5        Magnum
                                                                                                                                               1 Air Ride

           20'8"     99.5"       87.5"             1980 lbs.                250       25"        50 gal     Bow 25"/9 gal       7'6"–8'0"       3 solid/       6        2075
                                                                                                            Aft 38"/24 gal                     1 Air Ride
                                                                                                                                                                                  Magnum     2075
                                                                                              Storage     Livewell   Baitwell     Seats      Seat Bases     Fuel Tank
        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                                  Lund | 15




lu.fa17_Baron_Tyee.indd 15                                                                                                                                                                   10/5/17 5:39 PM
                 TYEE GL
                         208




                                                                                                                   Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                                     or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                                   Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                               1                                         2




                                                                                               3                                         4
                                                                                                                                         1. 16-gallon, 31" aft livewell/baitwell
                                                                                                                                         keeps your trophies fresh 2. Ergonomic
                                                                                                                                         helm with full instrumentation puts
                                                                                                                                         you in command 3. Standard flip-up
                                                                                                                                         seats and optional ski pylon 4. Lockable
                                                                                                                                         in-floor storage holds longer rods and
                                                                                                                                         watersports accessories 5. Bow casting
                                                                                                                                         platform opens to reveal massive storage
                                                                                                                                         compartments
                                                                                               5


                               SPECIFICATIONS
                                                     IPS™ 2      Approximate    Maximum        Transom    Fuel        Livewell           Rod Storage        Seat         Seat
                               Length     Beam
                                                  Chine Width      Weight         HP            Height    Tank        Systems             Capacity        Pedestals     Bases
                                20'8"     96"         87"          2500 lbs.          300           25"   55 gal   Bow 21"/8.5 gal          7'6"–8'0"     4 Air Ride      7
                                                                                                                    Aft 31"/16 gal




                                Storage    Livewell   Baitwell   Seats   Seat Bases     Fuel Tank
     16 | LUND                                                                                                                                      www.lundboats.com




lu.fa17_Baron_Tyee.indd 16                                                                                                                                                 10/5/17 5:41 PM
                                                                                                                                                                        TYEE
                                                                                                                                                                        1900




                                           Boats may show factory and/
                                           or dealer installed options.
                                           Please see dealer for details.




        1                                            2




        3                                            4
        1. Optional tan pilot chair provides
        all-day comfort 2. Boarding ladder
        provides easy swimming access
        3. Sleek console includes full
        instrumentation and steering wheel
        4. Lockable in-floor rod storage holds
        10 rods: (4) 8'0"; (6) 7'6" 5. Bow
        storage compartments hold extra
        gear
                                                     5


                                                                                                                                               SPECIFICATIONS
                                 IPS™ 2           Approximate               Maximum   Transom      Fuel         Livewell       Rod Storage        Seat        Seat
         Length      Beam
                              Chine Width           Weight                    HP       Height      Tank         Systems         Capacity        Pedestals    Bases
           19'1"      98"          86.5"             1600 lbs.                200       25"        41 gal     Bow 25"/9 gal       7'6"–8'0"       3 solid      6
                                                                                                              Aft 38"/24 gal




                                                                                                Storage     Livewell   Baitwell    Seats      Seat Bases    Fuel Tank
        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                      Lund | 17




lu.fa17_Baron_Tyee.indd 17                                                                                                                                                       10/5/17 5:42 PM
                     TYEE
                        1800




                                                                                                                   Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                                     or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                                   Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                               1                                         2




                                                                                               3                                         4
                                                                                                                                         1. Standard aft flip-up seats convert
                                                                                                                                         to casting platform 2. Aft storage w/
                                                                                                                                         recessed speaker adds convenience
                                                                                                                                         and entertainment 3. Integrated
                                                                                                                                         instrumentation provides precise
                                                                                                                                         positioning 4. Lockable in-floor rod
                                                                                                                                         storage holds 10 rods: (4) 8'0";
                                                                                                                                         (6) 7'6" 5. Bow storage compart-
                                                                                                                                         ments for extra gear
                                                                                               5


                               SPECIFICATIONS
                                                     IPS™ 2      Approximate    Maximum        Transom    Fuel       Livewell            Rod Storage        Seat          Seat
                               Length     Beam
                                                  Chine Width      Weight         HP            Height    Tank       Systems              Capacity        Pedestals      Bases
                                18'1"     95"         82"          1400 lbs.          175           25"   31 gal   Bow 25"/9 gal            7'6"–8'0"       3 solid        6
                                                                                                                   Aft 38"/24 gal




                                Storage    Livewell   Baitwell   Seats   Seat Bases     Fuel Tank
     18 | LUND                                                                                                                                      www.lundboats.com




lu.fa17_Baron_Tyee.indd 18                                                                                                                                                   10/3/17 1:22 PM
                                                                                                                                                                       TYEE GL
                                                                                                                                                                         189




                                          Boats may show factory and/
                                          or dealer installed options.
                                          Please see dealer for details.




        1                                           2




        3                                           4
        1. 16-gallon aft livwell/baitwell
        keeps your trophies fresh 2. Optional
        VesselViews puts you in command
        3. Port console includes storage area
        and lockable glove box 4. Optional
        marine mat protects deck 5. Hold
        even more rods in the port rod storage
        compartment
                                                    5


                                                                                                                                             SPECIFICATIONS
                                 IPS™ 2          Approximate               Maximum   Transom      Fuel         Livewell       Rod Storage       Seat         Seat
         Length      Beam
                              Chine Width          Weight                    HP       Height      Tank         Systems         Capacity       Pedestals     Bases
           18'9"     102"          87"              2500 lbs.                200       25"        41 gal    Bow 8.5 gal/21"      7'0"         3 Air Ride      7
                                                                                                             Aft 16 gal/31"




                                                                                               Storage     Livewell   Baitwell   Seats      Seat Bases     Fuel Tank
        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                        Lund | 19




lu.fa17_Baron_Tyee.indd 19                                                                                                                                                         10/5/17 5:43 PM
       CROSSOVER XS
                            1875




                                                                                                                       Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                                         or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                                       Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                                   1                                         2




                                                                                                   3                                         4
                                                                                                                                             1. Optional marine mat protects
                                                                                                                                             deck 2. Ample side storage holds
                                                                                                                                             watersports gear 3. Optional bow
                                                                                                                                             cushions for added comfort 4. Top
                                                                                                                                             hider tucks sport top neatly away
                                                                                                                                             5. Boarding ladder makes water
                                                                                                                                             access easy


                                                                                                   5


                                   SPECIFICATIONS
                                                         IPS™ 2      Approximate    Maximum        Transom    Fuel       Livewell            Rod Storage       Seat         Seat
                                   Length     Beam
                                                      Chine Width      Weight         HP            Height    Tank       Systems              Capacity       Pedestals     Bases
                                    18'10"    95"         82"          1558 lbs.          175           25"   35 gal   Aft 38"/24 gal           6'0"–7'0"      3 solid       6




                                    Storage    Livewell   Baitwell   Seats   Seat Bases     Fuel Tank
     20 | LUND                                                                                                                                          www.lundboats.com




lu.fa17_Crossover.indd 20                                                                                                                                                        10/3/17 1:23 PM
                                                                                                                                                               CROSSOVER XS
                                                                                                                                                                        1775




                                           Boats may show factory and/
                                           or dealer installed options.
                                           Please see dealer for details.




         1                                           2




         3                                           4
        1. Well-appointed console provides
        serious control 2. Center rod locker
        stores 5 rods 3. Aft sport top storage
        keeps deck free from clutter 4. In-
        floor storage stows all your rods and
        watersports gear 5. Aerated livewell
        keeps fish fresh


                                                     5


                                                                                                                                               SPECIFICATIONS
                                  IPS™ 2          Approximate               Maximum   Transom      Fuel         Livewell       Rod Storage        Seat        Seat
          Length     Beam
                               Chine Width          Weight                    HP       Height      Tank         Systems         Capacity        Pedestals    Bases
          17'10"       95"          82"              1450 lbs.                150       25"        28 gal     Aft 38"/24 gal      6'0"–7'0"       3 solid      6




                                                                                                Storage     Livewell   Baitwell    Seats      Seat Bases    Fuel Tank
        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                      Lund | 21




lu.fa17_Crossover.indd 21                                                                                                                                                        10/3/17 1:24 PM
       SPORT ANGLER
                  2000 / 1800




                                                                                                                           Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                                             or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                                           Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                                       1                                         2




                                                                                                       3                                         4
                                                                                                                                                 1. Vertical rod storage on transom
                                                                                                                                                 holds five rods 2. Lockable glove box
                                                                                                                                                 secures valuables 3. Bow storage
                                                                                                                                                 dividers organize all types of gear
                                                                                                                                                 4. Cleaning station provides
                                                                                                                                                 convenient onboard fish prep
                                                                                                                                                 5. Easy-access rod storage with
                                                                                                                                                 optional SportTrak rod holder and
                                                                                                                                                 side seat with under-seat storage
                                                                                                       5


                                       SPECIFICATIONS
                                                             IPS™ 2      Approximate    Maximum        Transom    Fuel       Livewell            Rod Storage        Seat         Seat
                                       Length     Beam
                                                          Chine Width      Weight         HP            Height    Tank       Systems              Capacity        Pedestals     Bases
                                2000    20'6"     97"         82.5"        1600 lbs.          225           25"   52 gal     40"/18 gal           11'0"–12'0"       2 solid        7


                                1800    18'6"     97"         82.5"        1460 lbs.          175           25"   44 gal     40"/18 gal            9'0"–10'0"       2 solid        7

       2000          1800
                                        Storage    Livewell   Baitwell   Seats   Seat Bases     Fuel Tank
     22 | LUND                                                                                                                                              www.lundboats.com




lu.fa17_Angler_Impact.indd 22                                                                                                                                                       10/3/17 1:25 PM
                                                                                                                                                                        IMPACT XS
                                                                                                                                                                           Sport

                                                                                                                                                                           2025




                                           Boats may show factory and/
                                           or dealer installed options.
                                           Please see dealer for details.




         1                                           2




         3                                           4
        1. 24-gallon, 38" aft livewell
        holds your entire haul 2. Standard
        under-console drawer and ruler add
        convenience 3. Command console
        accommodates optional VesselView
        4. Aft deck features flip-up seats and
        ski pylon 5. Optional bow baitwell
        keeps bait active
                                                     5


                                                                                                                                               SPECIFICATIONS
                                   IPS™ 2         Approximate               Maximum   Transom      Fuel         Livewell      Rod Storage         Seat        Seat
          Length     Beam
                                Chine Width         Weight                    HP       Height      Tank         Systems        Capacity         Pedestals    Bases
           20'2"       96"          82"              1750 lbs.                200       25"        46 gal    Bow 27"/16 gal       7'6"–8'6"       4 solid      6
                                                                                                             Aft 37"/16 gal




                                                                                                Storage     Livewell   Baitwell    Seats      Seat Bases    Fuel Tank
        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                          Lund | 23




lu.fa17_Angler_Impact.indd 23                                                                                                                                                        10/6/17 10:39 AM
                      IMPACT
                        Sport & SS

                             1875




                                                                                                                        Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                                          or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                                        Please see dealer for details.




s



                                                                                                    1                                         2




                                                                                                    3                                         4
                                                                                                                                              1. Port console features large glove
                                                                                                                                              box 2. Optional starboard rod strap
                                                                                                                                              keeps rods at hand 3. Rod locker
                                                                                                                                              holds 10 rods: (5) 8'; (5) 7'6"
                                                                                                                                              4. Large bow provides ample casting
                                                                                                                                              room 5. Under-deck drawer provides
                                                                                                                                              additional storage (standard on SS;
                                                                                                                                              optional on Sport)
                                                                                                    5


                                     SPECIFICATIONS
                                                           IPS™ 2      Approximate       Maximum     Transom   Fuel         Livewell            Rod Storage       Seat         Seat
                                     Length     Beam
                                                        Chine Width      Weight            HP         Height   Tank         Systems              Capacity       Pedestals     Bases
                                      18'11"    96"         81.5"      Sport 1410 lbs.      150          25"   36 gal   Bow 27"/11 gal             7'0"–8'6"      3 solid        6
                                                                        SS 1380 lbs.                                    Aft 37"/16 gal



           Sport           SS
                                      Storage    Livewell   Baitwell   Seats   Seat Bases    Fuel Tank
         24 | LUND                                                                                                                                       www.lundboats.com




    lu.fa17_Angler_Impact.indd 24                                                                                                                                               10/3/17 1:26 PM
                                                                                                                                                                        IMPACT XS
                                                                                                                                                                           Sport

                                                                                                                                                                           1875




                                           Boats may show factory and/
                                           or dealer installed options.
                                           Please see dealer for details.




         1                                           2




         3                                           4
        1. 37", 18-gallon aft livewell keeps
        fish fresh 2. New gunwale with rubrail
        helps protect your boat 3. Tuck away
        the ski pylon in the port storage
        compartment 4. Port console features
        accessible storage 5. Aft boarding
        ladder comes standard


                                                     5


                                                                                                                                               SPECIFICATIONS
                                   IPS™           Approximate               Maximum   Transom      Fuel         Livewell      Rod Storage         Seat        Seat
          Length     Beam
                                Chine Width         Weight                    HP       Height      Tank         Systems        Capacity         Pedestals    Bases
           18'11"      96"         81.5"             1520 lbs.                150       25"        36 gal    Bow 27"/11 gal       7'0"–8'6"       3 solid      6
                                                                                                             Aft 37"/16 gal




                                                                                                Storage     Livewell   Baitwell    Seats      Seat Bases    Fuel Tank
        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                          Lund | 25




lu.fa17_Angler_Impact.indd 25                                                                                                                                                        10/3/17 1:27 PM
                  IMPACT
                    Sport & SS

                         1775




                                                                                                                    Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                                      or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                                    Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                                1                                         2




                                                                                                3                                         4
                                                                                                                                          1. Command console with optional
                                                                                                                                          VesselView 2. Rod locker holds 10
                                                                                                                                          rods: (5) 8'; (5) 7'6" 3. Spacious
                                                                                                                                          bow storage holds all you gear
                                                                                                                                          4. Optional port rod strap keeps tools
                                                                                                                                          at the ready 5. Optional splash pan
                                                                                                                                          inserts offer increased platform area


                                                                                                5


                                 SPECIFICATIONS
                                                       IPS™        Approximate       Maximum     Transom   Fuel         Livewell            Rod Storage        Seat         Seat
                                 Length     Beam
                                                    Chine Width      Weight            HP         Height   Tank         Systems              Capacity        Pedestals     Bases
                                  17'11"    96"         81.5"       SS 1310 lbs.        125          25"   30 gal   Bow 27"/11 gal             7'6"–8'0"       2 solid        6
                                                                   Sport 1360 lbs.                                  Aft 37"/16 gal



       Sport           SS
                                  Storage    Livewell   Baitwell   Seats   Seat Bases    Fuel Tank
     26 | LUND                                                                                                                                       www.lundboats.com




lu.fa17_Angler_Impact.indd 26                                                                                                                                                 10/3/17 1:27 PM
                                                                                                                                                                        IMPACT XS
                                                                                                                                                                           Sport

                                                                                                                                                                           1775




                                           Boats may show factory and/
                                           or dealer installed options.
                                           Please see dealer for details.




         1                                           2




         3                                           4
        1. Aft flip-up seating for on-water
        versatility 2. Aft casting platform
        has room for optional Pro Ride
        seat 3. Sleek command console
        accommodates VesselView option
        4. Top hider tucks canvas beneath
        aft casting platform 5. Stow smaller
        gear in the starboard storage cubby
                                                     5


                                                                                                                                               SPECIFICATIONS
                                   IPS™           Approximate               Maximum   Transom      Fuel         Livewell      Rod Storage         Seat        Seat
          Length     Beam
                                Chine Width         Weight                    HP       Height      Tank         Systems        Capacity         Pedestals    Bases
           17'11"      96"         81.5"             1390 lbs.                125       25"        30 gal    Bow 27"/11 gal       7'0"–7'6"       2 solid      6
                                                                                                             Aft 37"/16 gal




                                                                                                Storage     Livewell   Baitwell    Seats      Seat Bases    Fuel Tank
        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                          Lund | 27




lu.fa17_Angler_Impact.indd 27                                                                                                                                                        10/3/17 1:28 PM
                  IMPACT
                    Sport & SS

                         1675




                                                                                                                   Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                                     or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                                   Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                               1                                         2




                                                                                               3                                         4
                                                                                                                                         1. 11-gallon, 27" bow livewell keeps
                                                                                                                                         fish fresh 2. Optional bow cargo nets
                                                                                                                                         allow for quick-access storage 3. Port
                                                                                                                                         cockpit storage keeps accessories at
                                                                                                                                         hand 4. Standard flip-up cleats make
                                                                                                                                         docking easy 5. Aft side storage
                                                                                                                                         compartments tuck gear away


                                                                                               5


                                 SPECIFICATIONS
                                                       IPS™ 2      Approximate       Maximum    Transom   Fuel         Livewell            Rod Storage        Seat         Seat
                                 Length     Beam
                                                    Chine Width      Weight            HP        Height   Tank         Systems              Capacity        Pedestals     Bases
                                  16'10"    90"         76"        Sport 1175 lbs.      90          25"   22 gal   Bow 27"/11 gal             6'6"–7'0"       2 solid        6
                                                                    SS 1125 lbs.                                   Aft 37"/16 gal



       Sport           SS
                                  Storage    Livewell   Baitwell   Seats   Seat Bases   Fuel Tank
     28 | LUND                                                                                                                                      www.lundboats.com




lu.fa17_Angler_Impact.indd 28                                                                                                                                               10/5/17 5:45 PM
                                                                                                                                                                        IMPACT XS
                                                                                                                                                                           Sport

                                                                                                                                                                           1675




                                           Boats may show factory and/
                                           or dealer installed options.
                                           Please see dealer for details.




         1                                           2




         3                                           4
        1. Optional ski pylon caters to
        watersports lovers 2. Standard
        flip-up cleat makes docking easy
        3. Aft starboard storage holds battery
        and optional Panther powersteering
        pump 4. Optional port rod storage
        straps in your rods 5. Port console
        comes with quick-access storage
                                                     5


                                                                                                                                               SPECIFICATIONS
                                   IPS™           Approximate               Maximum   Transom      Fuel         Livewell      Rod Storage         Seat        Seat
          Length     Beam
                                Chine Width         Weight                    HP       Height      Tank         Systems        Capacity         Pedestals    Bases
           16'10"      90"        76.25"             1320 lbs.                90        25"        22 gal    Bow 27"/11 gal       6'6"–7'0"       2 solid      6
                                                                                                             Aft 37"/16 gal




                                                                                                Storage     Livewell   Baitwell    Seats      Seat Bases    Fuel Tank
        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                          Lund | 29




lu.fa17_Angler_Impact.indd 29                                                                                                                                                        10/3/17 1:29 PM
             PRO GUIDE
                  2075 / 1875




                                                                                                                         Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                                           or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                                         Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                                     1                                         2




                                                                                                     3                                         4
                                                                                                                                               1. In-deck rod storage (2075 holds
                                                                                                                                               15 rods, 1875 holds 10 rods)
                                                                                                                                               2. Comprehensive control panel
                                                                                                                                               keeps everything you need close
                                                                                                                                               at hand 3. Optional stereo with
                                                                                                                                               2 speakers 4. Starboard locker
                                                                                                                                               adds storage for 5 additional rods
                                                                                                                                               5. Deep and plentiful bow storage
                                                                                                     5


                                     SPECIFICATIONS
                                                           IPS™ 2      Approximate    Maximum        Transom    Fuel       Livewell            Rod Storage       Seat         Seat
                                     Length     Beam
                                                        Chine Width      Weight         HP            Height    Tank       Systems              Capacity       Pedestals     Bases
                              2075    20'9"     93"         81"          1500 lbs.          200           25"   43 gal   Bow 27"/11 gal           7'0"–9'6"      3 solid        7
                                                                                                                         Aft 42"/22 gal

                              1875    18'10"    93"         81"          1336 lbs.          90            25"   35 gal   Bow 27"/11 gal           7'0"–9'0"      3 solid        7
                                                                                                                         Aft 42"/22 gal
           2075        1875
                                      Storage    Livewell   Baitwell   Seats   Seat Bases     Fuel Tank
     30 | LUND                                                                                                                                            www.lundboats.com




lu.fa17_ProGuide.indd 30                                                                                                                                                            10/3/17 1:30 PM
                                                                                                                                                                      PRO GUIDE
                                                                                                                                                                          1775 / 1675




                                            Boats may show factory and/
                                            or dealer installed options.
                                            Please see dealer for details.




         1                                            2




         3                                            4
        1. Generous port storage
        compartment 2. Flip-up cleats for
        added versatility 3. Command
        console features easy-to-read
        instrumentation 4. The split-door
        livewell/baitwell allows for easy
        access 5. Bow storage secures
        gear effortlessly
                                                      5


                                                                                                                                                SPECIFICATIONS
                                IPS™               Approximate               Maximum   Transom      Fuel         Livewell       Rod Storage        Seat        Seat
          Length     Beam
                             Chine Width             Weight                    HP       Height      Tank         Systems         Capacity        Pedestals    Bases
           17'9"      93"         79.5"               1225 lbs.                90        20"        30 gal     Bow 27"/11 gal      7'0"–9'0"       3 solid      6        1775
                                                                                                               Aft 37"/16 gal

           16'9"      90"          76"                1050 lbs.                75        20"        22 gal       37"/16 gal        6'6"–8'6"       2 solid      4        1675

                                                                                                                                                                                1775    1675
                                                                                                 Storage     Livewell   Baitwell    Seats      Seat Bases    Fuel Tank
        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                               Lund | 31




lu.fa17_ProGuide.indd 31                                                                                                                                                                  10/3/17 1:30 PM
             RENEGADE
                       1875




                                                                                                                              Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                                                or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                                              Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                                          1                                         2




                                                                                                          3                                         4
                                                                                                                                                    1. Large bow storage compartments
                                                                                                                                                    hold rods up to 9', gear and
                                                                                                                                                    bow livewell (crappie edition)
                                                                                                                                                    2. Ergonomic console puts control
                                                                                                                                                    at your fingertips 3. On-the-go rod
                                                                                                                                                    storage 4. Bench seating with fold-
                                                                                                                                                    down center seat 5. 22-gallon aft
                                                                                                                                                    livewell holds your catches
                                                                                                          5


                                 SPECIFICATIONS
                                                        IPS™ 2          Approx           Max     Transom      Fuel       Livewell                    Rod Storage       Seat         Seat
                                 Length   Beam                                                                                            Draft
                                                     Chine Width        Weight           HP       Height      Tank       Systems                      Capacity       Pedestals     Bases
                                  18'9"       95"          68.25"       1270 lbs.        115        20"       22 gal   Aft 35"/22 gal       12"          7'6"-9'0"     3 bench       2
                                                                                                                       Bow 27"/12 gal                                   2 solid



                    Crappie
                    Edition         Storage     Livewell     Baitwell   Seats       Seat Bases   Fuel Tank
     32 | LUND                                                                                                                                                 www.lundboats.com




lu.fa17_Renegade_Rebel.indd 32                                                                                                                                                        10/2/17 5:45 PM
                                                                                                                                                                         RENEGADE
                                                                                                                                                                           1775




                                           Boats may show factory and/
                                           or dealer installed options.
                                           Please see dealer for details.




        1                                            2




        3                                            4
        1. Plentiful storage holds rods (up to
        8'), gear and more 2. Integrated
        cooler storage can also hold extra
        gear 3. Expansive bow casting
        platform with in-deck storage
        4. Bench seating conceals
        storage 5. Middle bench seat folds
        down to create a convenient step
                                                     5


                                                                                                                                                 SPECIFICATIONS
                                  IPS™                Approx                Max   Transom   Fuel         Livewell                  Rod Storage       Seat           Seat
         Length      Beam                                                                                                 Draft
                               Chine Width            Weight                HP     Height   Tank         Systems                    Capacity       Pedestals       Bases
           17'9"      95"         68.25"             1195 lbs.              90      20"     22 gal     Aft 35"/22 gal     11.5"      7'6"-8'0"      3 bench          2
                                                                                                       Bow 27"/12 gal                                2 solid



                                                                                                                                                                           Crappie
                                                                                             Storage      Livewell      Baitwell    Seats    Seat Bases        Fuel Tank   Edition
        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                            Lund | 33




lu.fa17_Renegade_Rebel.indd 33                                                                                                                                                         10/2/17 5:45 PM
               REBEL XS
                   Sport & SS

                       1750




                                                                                                                             Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                                               or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                                             Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                                         1                                         2




                                                                                                         3                                         4
                                                                                                                                                   1. Easy battery access for
                                                                                                                                                   convenience 2. Expansive bow
                                                                                                                                                   storage easily hides life vests or
                                                                                                                                                   sports equipment 3. The command
                                                                                                                                                   console is stereo-ready 4. Ladder
                                                                                                                                                   adds safety and convenience
                                                                                                                                                   5. Center rod storage houses 5 rods
                                                                                                                                                   up to 7'
                                                                                                         5


                                         SPECIFICATIONS
                                                               IPS™        Approximate    Maximum        Transom    Fuel       Livewell            Rod Storage        Seat         Seat
                                         Length     Beam
                                                            Chine Width      Weight         HP            Height    Tank       Systems              Capacity        Pedestals     Bases
                                 Sport    17'6"     85"         70.5"        1135 lbs.          115           20"   22 gal     34"/14 gal             7'0"–8'6"       3 solid       6


                                   SS     17'6"     85"         70.5"        1085 lbs.          90            20"   22 gal     34"/14 gal             7'6"–8'6"       3 solid       6

         Sport          SS
                                          Storage    Livewell   Baitwell   Seats   Seat Bases     Fuel Tank
     34 | LUND                                                                                                                                                www.lundboats.com




lu.fa17_Renegade_Rebel.indd 34                                                                                                                                                       10/3/17 1:32 PM
                                                                                                                                                                          REBEL XS
                                                                                                                                                                              Sport & SS

                                                                                                                                                                                 1650




                                            Boats may show factory and/
                                            or dealer installed options.
                                            Please see dealer for details.




        1                                             2




        3                                             4
        1. Optional aft flip seat and ski pylon
        2. Passenger console includes glove
        box to secure valuables 3. Storage
        compartments maximize under-bow
        space 4. Center rod storage for 5
        rods up to 7' 5. Ladder adds safety
        and convenience


                                                      5


                                                                                                                                                SPECIFICATIONS
                                  IPS™ 2           Approximate               Maximum   Transom      Fuel         Livewell      Rod Storage         Seat        Seat
         Length      Beam
                               Chine Width           Weight                    HP       Height      Tank         Systems        Capacity         Pedestals    Bases
           16'6"      84"            71"              1025 lbs.                90        20"        21 gal       34"/14 gal        7'0"–8'6"       3 solid      6        Sport


           16'6"      84"            71"               975 lbs.                90        20"        21 gal       34"/14 gal          7'6"          3 solid      6        SS

                                                                                                                                                                                  Sport     SS
                                                                                                 Storage     Livewell   Baitwell    Seats      Seat Bases    Fuel Tank
        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                                  Lund | 35




lu.fa17_Renegade_Rebel.indd 35                                                                                                                                                               10/5/17 5:45 PM
               REBEL XS
                       Tiller

                       1650




                                                                                                                    Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                                      or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                                    Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                                1                                         2




                                                                                                3                                         4
                                                                                                                                          1. Switch panel features storage tray
                                                                                                                                          for holding small items 2. Lockable
                                                                                                                                          side rod storage keeps everything
                                                                                                                                          safe 3. 14-gallon, 34" bow livewell
                                                                                                                                          keeps fish fresh 4. Center rod
                                                                                                                                          storage for 5 rods up to 7'
                                                                                                                                          5. Oversized bow storage doors
                                                                                                                                          provide easy access (optional
                                                                                                                                          storage pods shown)
                                                                                                5


                                 SPECIFICATIONS
                                                       IPS™        Approximate    Maximum       Transom    Fuel       Livewell            Rod Storage        Seat         Seat
                                 Length     Beam
                                                    Chine Width      Weight         HP           Height    Tank       Systems              Capacity        Pedestals     Bases
                                  16'6"     84"         71"           920 lbs.          60           20"   21 gal     34"/14 gal               7'–7'6"       3 solid        4




                                  Storage    Livewell   Baitwell   Seats   Seat Bases    Fuel Tank
     36 | LUND                                                                                                                                       www.lundboats.com




lu.fa17_Renegade_Rebel.indd 36                                                                                                                                               10/5/17 5:46 PM
                                                                                                                                                                              REBEL
                                                                                                                                                                              SS & Tiller

                                                                                                                                                                                1600




                                           Boats may show factory and/
                                           or dealer installed options.
                                           Please see dealer for details.




        1                                            2




        3                                            4
        1. Slide-out battery tray and fuel
        tank hider 2. Rear boarding ladder
        for easy water access 3. Side console
        allows for clear views 4. Large side rod
        storage to store all your tools 5. Ample
        bow storage for all your gear



                                                     5


                                                                                                                                            SPECIFICATIONS
                                  IPS™ 2           Approximate              Maximum   Transom      Fuel        Livewell      Rod Storage       Seat        Seat
         Length      Beam
                               Chine Width           Weight                   HP       Height      Tank        Systems        Capacity       Pedestals    Bases
           16'5"      77"           61"               710 lbs.                50        20"        6 gal       35"/11 gal        7'6"          2 solid      4        SS


           16'5"      77"           61"               647 lbs.                40        20"        6 gal       35"/11 gal        7'6"          2 solid      4        Tiller

                                                                                                                                                                                    SS      Tiller
                                                                                                Storage    Livewell   Baitwell   Seats     Seat Bases    Fuel Tank
        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                                   Lund | 37




lu.fa17_Renegade_Rebel.indd 37                                                                                                                                                                10/2/17 5:46 PM
                   FURY XL
                          Sport

                          1625




                                                                                                                     Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                                       or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                                     Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                                 1                                         2




                                                                                                 3                                         4
                                                                                                                                           1. Optional aft flip-up seating
                                                                                                                                           offers additional passenger room
                                                                                                                                           and casting area 2. Sport windshield
                                                                                                                                           and console add protection
                                                                                                                                           3. In-floor rod storage for rods up to 8'
                                                                                                                                           4. Optional sport top protects from
                                                                                                                                           the elements (Sport only) 5. Spacious
                                                                                                                                           bow offers expansive fishing mobility
                                                                                                 5


                                  SPECIFICATIONS
                                                        IPS™        Approximate    Maximum       Transom    Fuel       Livewell            Rod Storage          Seat           Seat
                                  Length     Beam
                                                     Chine Width      Weight         HP           Height    Tank       Systems              Capacity          Pedestals       Bases
                                   16'3"     80"         69.5"         902 lbs.          60           20"   12 gal     37"/16 gal                 8'0"          2 solid         6




                                   Storage    Livewell   Baitwell   Seats   Seat Bases    Fuel Tank
      38 | LUND                                                                                                                                          www.lundboats.com




lu.fa17_Fury_Outfitter.indd 38                                                                                                                                                    10/3/17 9:37 AM
                                                                                                                                                                          FURY XL
                                                                                                                                                                                SS & Tiller

                                                                                                                                                                                  1625




                                            Boats may show factory and/
                                            or dealer installed options.
                                            Please see dealer for details.




         1                                            2




         3                                            4
         1. Side console with optional gauges
         2. Aft raised casting platform with
         seat base 3. Deep bow storage and
         a 16-gallon livewell keep everything
         in reach 4. Telescoping ladder for
         easy boarding 5. 12-gallon portable
         fuel tank fits in a concealed storage
         compartment
                                                      5


                                                                                                                                              SPECIFICATIONS
                                    IPS™           Approximate               Maximum   Transom      Fuel         Livewell      Rod Storage       Seat        Seat
          Length       Beam
                                 Chine Width         Weight                    HP       Height      Tank         Systems        Capacity       Pedestals    Bases
            16'3"       80"         69.5"              862 lbs.                60        20"        12 gal       37"/16 gal        8'0"          2 solid      6        SS


            16'3"       80"         69.5"              812 lbs.                50        20"        12 gal       37"/16 gal        8'0"          2 solid      4        Tiller

                                                                                                                                                                                     SS       Tiller
                                                                                                 Storage     Livewell   Baitwell   Seats     Seat Bases    Fuel Tank
         www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                                    Lund | 39




lu.fa17_Fury_Outfitter.indd 39                                                                                                                                                                   10/3/17 9:38 AM
                       FURY
                     SS & Tiller

                   1600 / 1400




                                                                                                                             Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                                               or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                                             Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                                           1                                       2




                                                                                                           3                                       4
                                                                                                                                                   1. Portside stepped rod locker
                                                                                                                                                   holds rods up to 7' 2. SS Console
                                                                                                                                                   with optional windshield 3. Large
                                                                                                                                                   pass-through bow compartments
                                                                                                                                                   4. 11-gallon, 35" livewell holds your
                                                                                                                                                   catches 5. Four durable cleats line
                                                                                                                                                   the gunnel


                                                                                                           5


                                            SPECIFICATIONS
                                                                  IPS™        Approximate    Maximum       Transom    Fuel     Livewell            Rod Storage        Seat          Seat
                                            Length     Beam
                                                               Chine Width      Weight         HP           Height    Tank     Systems              Capacity        Pedestals      Bases
                                     SS      14'9"     69.5"       56"           545 lbs.          30           20"    —       35"/11 gal                 7'0"        2 solid        3
                                   Tiller    14'9"     69.5"       56"           500 lbs.          30           20"    —       35"/11 gal                 7'0"        2 solid        3
                                     SS      16'2"     73.5"       56"           565 lbs.          40           20"    —       35"/11 gal                 7'6"        2 solid        4
                                   Tiller    16'2"     73.5"       56"           520 lbs.          40           20"    —       35"/11 gal                 7'6"        2 solid        3
             SS          Tiller
                                             Storage    Livewell   Baitwell   Seats   Seat Bases    Fuel Tank
      40 | LUND                                                                                                                                                  www.lundboats.com




lu.fa17_Fury_Outfitter.indd 40                                                                                                                                                         10/3/17 9:38 AM
                                                                                                                                                                    OUTFITTER
                                                                                                                                                                       1750




                                            Boats may show factory and/
                                            or dealer installed options.
                                            Please see dealer for details.




         1                                            2




         3                                            4
         1. Deep, pass-through bow storage
         eliminates clutter 2. Aerated
         22-gallon bow livewell keeps fish
         fresh 3. Side rod holders add
         convenience and accessibility
         4. Removable bow boxes simplify
         loading and unloading 5. Port
         and starboard rear-side storage
         frees up space
                                                      5


                                                                                                                                              SPECIFICATIONS
                                    IPS™           Approximate               Maximum   Transom      Fuel         Livewell      Rod Storage       Seat        Seat
          Length       Beam
                                 Chine Width         Weight                    HP       Height      Tank         Systems        Capacity       Pedestals    Bases
            17'7"       77"        61.25"              805 lbs.                60        20"        22 gal       42"/20 gal        7'0"          3 solid      4




                                                                                                 Storage     Livewell   Baitwell   Seats     Seat Bases    Fuel Tank
         www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                    Lund | 41




lu.fa17_Fury_Outfitter.indd 41                                                                                                                                                  10/3/17 1:34 PM
                 ALASKAN
                           DC & SS

           2000 / 1800 / 1600




                                                                                                                                   Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                                                     or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                                                   Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                                               1                                         2




                                                                                                               3                                         4
                                                                                                                                                         1. Port console provides comfort
                                                                                                                                                         and protection from the elements
                                                                                                                                                         2. 13-gallon port livewell with
                                                                                                                                                         baitwell (1800/1600 shown)
                                                                                                                                                         3. Side storage keeps necessities
                                                                                                                                                         handy 4. Composite interior
                                                                                                                                                         option 5. Functional command
                                                                                                                                                         console makes for easy operation
                                                                                                               5


                                               SPECIFICATIONS
                                                                     IPS™        Approximate    Maximum        Transom    Fuel       Livewell            Rod Storage        Seat         Seat
                                               Length     Beam
                                                                  Chine Width      Weight         HP            Height    Tank       Systems              Capacity        Pedestals     Bases
            2000 DC 2000 SS          2000 DC     20'6"    90.5"        76"         1275 lbs.          125           25"   29 gal     40"/18 gal                 8'6"        3 solid          5
                                     2000 SS     20'6"    90.5"        76"         1200 lbs.          125           25"   29 gal     40"/18 gal                 8'6"        3 solid          5
                                     1800 DC     18'9"     83"        69.5"        1105 lbs.           90           20"   20 gal     46"/13 gal                 9'0"        2 solid          5
                                     1800 SS     18'9"     83"        69.5"        1030 lbs.           90           20"   20 gal     46"/13 gal                 9'0"        2 solid          5
                                     1600 SS    16'10"     81"        69.5"         915 lbs.           75           20"   20 gal     46"/13 gal                 7'0"        2 solid          4
       1800 DC   1800 SS   1600 SS              Storage    Livewell   Baitwell   Seats   Seat Bases     Fuel Tank
     42 | LUND                                                                                                                                                         www.lundboats.com




lu.fa17_Alaskan.indd 42                                                                                                                                                                      10/3/17 1:35 PM
                                                                                                                                                                      ALASKAN
                                                                                                                                                                             Tiller

                                                                                                                                                                 2000 / 1800 / 1600




                                           Boats may show factory and/
                                           or dealer installed options.
                                           Please see dealer for details.




         1                                           2




         3                                           4
        1. Bow battery storage is conve-
        niently accessible 2. Port storage
        offers a generous amount of space
        for all your gear 3. Tan seat is
        standard when you choose Fall
        Marsh or Wetlands® exterior color
        4. Handy side storage allows quick
        access to items 5. Spacious port
        livewell keeps your day's catch fresh
                                                     5


                                                                                                                                             SPECIFICATIONS
                                   IPS™           Approximate               Maximum   Transom      Fuel         Livewell      Rod Storage       Seat        Seat
          Length     Beam
                                Chine Width         Weight                    HP       Height      Tank         Systems        Capacity       Pedestals    Bases                         2000

           20'6"      90.5"         76"              1105 lbs.                125       20"        29 gal       40"/18 gal        8'6"          3 solid      4        2000
                                                                                                                                                                                          1800
           18'9"          83"      69.5"              975 lbs.                75        20"        20 gal       46"/13 gal        9'0"          2 solid      4        1800

          16'10"          81"      69.5"              860 lbs.                60        20"        20 gal       46"/13 gal        7'0"          2 solid      3        1600
                                                                                                                                                                                          1600
                                                                                                Storage     Livewell   Baitwell   Seats     Seat Bases    Fuel Tank
        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                             Lund | 43




lu.fa17_Alaskan.indd 43                                                                                                                                                                 10/3/17 1:36 PM
                         SSV
                 18 / 16 / 14




                                                                                                                      Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                                        or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                                      Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                                    1                                       2




                                                                                                    3                                       4
                                                                                                                                            1. Optional SS console allows for en-
                                                                                                                                            hanced steering wheel control
                                                                                                                                            2. Optional raised bow storage packs
                                                                                                                                            it all in 3. Optional drop-in floor
                                                                                                                                            creates more casting room 4. Aft bat-
                                                                                                                                            tery and fuel tank storage are
                                                                                                                                            easily accessible 5. Optional port
                                                                                                                                            console maximizes cockpit comfort
                                                                                                                                            (SSV 18 only)
                                                                                                    5


                                     SPECIFICATIONS
                                                           IPS™        Approximate     Maximum      Transom    Fuel     Livewell            Rod Storage         Seat              Seat
                         18          Length     Beam
                                                        Chine Width      Weight          HP          Height    Tank     Systems              Capacity         Pedestals          Bases
                                18    18'4"     76"         57"           460 lbs.          60           20"    —            —                         —      2 cross, 4 split    —
                         16
                                16    16'2"     72"         55.5"       340/350 lbs.        40       15"/20"    —            —                         —      2 cross, 4 split    —

                                14    14'2"     70"         55.5"       285/295 lbs.        35       15"/20"    —            —                         —      2 cross, 4 split    —
                         14
                                      Storage    Livewell   Baitwell   Seats   Seat Bases    Fuel Tank
     44 | LUND                                                                                                                                             www.lundboats.com




lu.fa17_SSV_WC.indd 44                                                                                                                                                             10/3/17 9:41 AM
                                                                                                                                                                                  WC
                                                                                                                                                                               16 / 14 / 12




                                       Boats may show factory and/
                                       or dealer installed options.
                                       Please see dealer for details.




        1                                        2




        3                                        4
        1. Simple but refined tiller
        control area 2. Heavy-duty bow and
        corner castings withstand hard use
        3. Heavy-duty aluminum motor plate
        4. Heavy-duty aft grab handle
        5. Oarlocks and durable gunnels
        can take a pounding


                                                 5


                                                                                                                                           SPECIFICATIONS
                               IPS™           Approximate               Maximum   Transom      Fuel       Livewell          Rod Storage       Seat              Seat
         Length    Beam
                            Chine Width         Weight                    HP       Height      Tank       Systems            Capacity       Pedestals          Bases                                16
          16'2"     72"           —            325/335 lbs.               25      15"/20"        —               —               —         3 cross, 2 split      —        16

          14'6"     69"           —            285/295 lbs.               25      15"/20"        —               —               —         2 cross, 2 split      —        14                        14

          12'1"     61"           —               205 lbs.                15        15"          —               —               —         2 cross, 2 split      —        12
                                                                                                                                                                                                    12
                                                                                            Storage   Livewell       Baitwell   Seats     Seat Bases          Fuel Tank
        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                                     Lund | 45




lu.fa17_SSV_WC.indd 45                                                                                                                                                                          10/3/17 9:41 AM
                             A
                        14 / 12




                                                                                                                        Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                                          or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                                        Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                                      1                                       2




                                                                                                      3                                       4
                                                                                                                                              1. Heavy-duty corner castings
                                                                                                                                              enhance structural durability
                                                                                                                                              2. Extruded aluminum motor plates
                                                                                                                                              add toughness 3. Solid oarlocks
                                                                                                                                              and durable gunnels outlast heavy
                                                                                                                                              use 4. Aluminum bench seats
                                                                                                                                              provide ample passenger room
                                                                                                                                              5. Rugged bow corner castings
                                                                                                                                              strengthen the hull
                                                                                                      5


                                       SPECIFICATIONS
                                                             IPS™        Approximate    Maximum       Transom    Fuel     Livewell            Rod Storage         Seat       Seat
                                       Length     Beam
                                                          Chine Width      Weight         HP           Height    Tank     Systems              Capacity         Pedestals   Bases
                                  14    14'1"     61"          —            194 lbs.          15           15"    —            —                         —       3 cross     —


                                  12    12'1"     60"          —            164 lbs.          10           15"    —            —                         —       3 cross     —

          14            12
                                        Storage    Livewell   Baitwell   Seats   Seat Bases    Fuel Tank
     46 | LUND                                                                                                                                               www.lundboats.com




lu.fa17_A_Jon.indd 46                                                                                                                                                         10/3/17 9:42 AM
                                                                                                                                                                     JON BOATS
                                                                                                                                                                         10 to 18 feet




                                        Boats may show factory and/
                                        or dealer installed options.
                                        Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                                                                                                         SPECIFICATIONS
                               Bottom    Side        Transom                               Maximum            Maximum           Approximate         Maximum              Maximum   Hull
          Length        Beam                                             Ribs   Seats
                               Width    Depth         Height                            Person Capacity     Person Weight         Weight          Weight Capacity          HP      Gage
           18'0"        75"     52"        21"           20"             10      4            6                 815 lbs.          475 lbs.            1375 lbs.            45      0.072"   1852MT
          15'10"        70"     48"        21"         15"/20"            9      3            4                 555 lbs.          420 lbs.                973 lbs.         35      0.072"   1648M
          15'10"        70"     48"        21"         15"/20"            9      3            4                 555 lbs.          420 lbs.                973 lbs.         35      0.072"   1648
           14'0"        70"     48"        21"         15"/20"            7      3            4                 500 lbs.          365 lbs.                825 lbs.         25      0.072"   1448M
           14'0"        70"     48"        21"         15"/20"            7      3            4                 500 lbs.          365 lbs.                825 lbs.         25      0.072"   1448
           14'0"        57"     36"        17"           15"              8      3            3                 350 lbs.          145 lbs.                552 lbs.         15      0.050"   1436L
          11'11"        56"     36"        17"           15"              6      3            3                 325 lbs.          140 lbs.                527 lbs.         10      0.050"   1236
          11'10"        48"     32"        16"           15"              3      3            2                 295 lbs.          90 lbs.                 335 lbs.          3      0.050"   1232
           10'0"        48"     32"        16"           15"              2      3            2                 180 lbs.          80 lbs.                 275 lbs.          3      0.050"   1032
                                                                                              Storage     Livewell   Baitwell    Seats       Seat Bases      Fuel Tank
        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                                   Lund | 47




lu.fa17_A_Jon.indd 47                                                                                                                                                                         10/3/17 9:42 AM
              PREDATOR
                           CC

                  2070 / 1870




                                                                                                                                    Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                                                      or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                                                    Please see dealer for details.



     Mossy Oak® Break Up Pattern Shown




                                                                                                                1                                         2




                                                                                                                3                                         4
                                                                                                                                                          1. Convenient under-seat storage
                                                                                                                                                          holds gear 2. Optional Sponsons
                                                                                                                                                          offer quicker planing and easier
                                                                                                                                                          reboarding 3. Rod/gun holder keeps
                                                                                                                                                          everything within reach 4. Spacious
                                                                                                                                                          bow livewell/baitwell comes standard
                                                                                                                                                          5. Command console allows for easy
        Mossy Oak® Shadow Grass Pattern Shown                                                                                                             standing or leaning while operating
                                                                                                                5


                                                SPECIFICATIONS
                                                                      IPS™ 2      Approximate    Maximum        Transom    Fuel       Livewell            Rod Storage        Seat        Seat
                                                Length     Beam
                                                                   Chine Width      Weight         HP            Height    Tank       Systems              Capacity        Pedestals    Bases
                                         2070    20'0"     96"         70"          1175 lbs.          150           20"   20 gal   Bow 23 gal/43"              11'0"        1 solid       2


                                         1870    18'0"     96"         70.5"        1008 lbs.          90            20"   20 gal   Bow 24 gal/43"               9'0"        1 solid       2

        2070         1870
                                                 Storage    Livewell   Baitwell   Seats   Seat Bases     Fuel Tank
     48 | LUND                                                                                                                                                          www.lundboats.com




lu.fa17_Predator.indd 48                                                                                                                                                                    10/3/17 1:37 PM
                                                                                                                                                                       PREDATOR
                                                                                                                                                                                  SS

                                                                                                                                                                         2070 / 1870




                                           Boats may show factory and/
                                           or dealer installed options.
                                           Please see dealer for details.



                                                                                                                                                                                 Dead Grass Green Pattern Shown




         1                                           2




         3                                           4
         1. Command console offers comfort
         and ease of use 2. Flip-up bench
         seat provides ample space for your
         gear 3. Convenient rod storage keeps
         everything within reach 4. Bow
         features 23-gallon livewell 5. Large
         bow provides plenty of casting space

                                                                                                                                                                          Mossy Oak® Break Up Pattern Shown
                                                     5


                                                                                                                                              SPECIFICATIONS
                                 IPS™ 2           Approximate               Maximum   Transom      Fuel         Livewell       Rod Storage       Seat        Seat
          Length      Beam
                              Chine Width           Weight                    HP       Height      Tank         Systems         Capacity       Pedestals    Bases
           20'0"       96"          70"              1175 lbs.                150       20"        20 gal     Bow 23 gal/43"       —             1 solid      2        2070


           18'0"       96"         70.5"             1008 lbs.                90        20"        20 gal     Bow 24 gal/43"       —             1 solid      2        1870

                                                                                                                                                                                   2070           1870
                                                                                                Storage     Livewell   Baitwell   Seats      Seat Bases    Fuel Tank
         www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                                       Lund | 49




lu.fa17_Predator.indd 49                                                                                                                                                                              10/3/17 1:38 PM
              PREDATOR
                           Tiller

                  2070 / 1870




                                                                                                                                 Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                                                   or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                                                 Please see dealer for details.



     Mossy Oak® Shadow Grass Pattern Shown




                                                                                                               1                                       2




                                                                                                               3                                       4
                                                                                                                                                       1. Side rod and navigation light
                                                                                                                                                       storage keeps everything out of
                                                                                                                                                       the way 2. Swivel seating provides
                                                                                                                                                       all-day comfort 3. Bow features
                                                                                                                                                       23-gallon aerated livewell/baitwell
                                                                                                                                                       and ample storage 4. Bag ladder
                                                                                                                                                       provides boarding assistance
                                                                                                                                                       5. Rear-mounted switches add
        Dead Grass Green Pattern Shown
                                                                                                                                                       convenience
                                                                                                               5


                                                SPECIFICATIONS
                                                                      IPS™ 2      Approximate    Maximum       Transom    Fuel     Livewell            Rod Storage        Seat         Seat
                                                Length     Beam
                                                                   Chine Width      Weight         HP           Height    Tank     Systems              Capacity        Pedestals     Bases
                                         2070    20'0"     96"         70"           994 lbs.          90           20"    —     Bow 23 gal/43"              10'6"          —            2


                                         1870    18'0"     96"         70.5"         953 lbs.          75           20"    —     Bow 24 gal/43"               9'6"          —            2

        2070         1870
                                                 Storage    Livewell   Baitwell   Seats   Seat Bases    Fuel Tank
     50 | LUND                                                                                                                                                       www.lundboats.com




lu.fa17_Predator.indd 50                                                                                                                                                                     10/3/17 1:39 PM
                                                                                                                                                                           PREDATOR
                                                                                                                                                                                 SS & Tiller

                                                                                                                                                                               1760 / 1660




                                           Boats may show factory and/
                                           or dealer installed options.
                                           Please see dealer for details.



                                                                                                                                                           Dead Grass Green and Mossy Oak® Shadow Grass Patterns Shown




         1                                           2




         3                                           4
         1. Flip-up bench seat provides
         ample space for your gear (SS)
         2. Bow features 20-gallon livewell
         and pass-through storage 3. Swivel
         seating for all-day comfort 4. Side
         rod and navigation light storage
         keeps everything out of the way
         5. Dual seating (SS) keeps captain
                                                                                                                                                                                 Mossy Oak® Break Up Pattern Shown
         and co-captain comfortable
                                                     5


                                                                                                                                               SPECIFICATIONS
                                  IPS™            Approximate               Maximum   Transom      Fuel         Livewell        Rod Storage       Seat            Seat
          Length      Beam
                               Chine Width          Weight                    HP       Height      Tank         Systems          Capacity       Pedestals        Bases                                    1760 SS
           17'0"       85"          60"               910 lbs.                75        20"        20 gal    Bow 18 gal/31.5"     6'6"-7'6"       1 solid          2       1760 SS
                                                                                                                                                                                                              1760
           17'0"       85"         60.5"              787 lbs.                60        20"          —       Bow 18 gal/31.5"       9'0"            —              2       1760

           16'0"       85"         60.5"              670 lbs.                50        20"          —       Bow 18 gal/31.5"       7'0"            —              2       1660
                                                                                                                                                                                                              1660
                                                                                                Storage     Livewell   Baitwell    Seats      Seat Bases       Fuel Tank
         www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                                               Lund | 51




lu.fa17_Predator.indd 51                                                                                                                                                                                     10/3/17 1:40 PM
              PONTOON
                          Cruise

              240 / 220 / 200




                                                                                                                         Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                                           or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                                         Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                                   1                                           2




                                                                                                   3                                           4
                                                                                                                                               1. Optional plush Captain's Chair makes
                                                                                                                                               navigating comfortable 2. Optional aft
                                                                                                                                               changing station tucks neatly away
                                                                                                                                               3. Seating features double-stitched
                                                                                                                                               quilted lower lumbar area 4. Standard
                                                                                                                                               table with tan interior includes two
                                                                                                                                               cupholders 5. Modular helm features
                                                                                                                                               sleek dash with stereo, two-level
        240                              220                           200                         5                                           footrest and storage compartment




                 SPECIFICATIONS
                   Overall    Pontoon     Tube     Beam       Weight         People Capacity   Max Weight        Fuel        Fuel Capacity            Fuel Capacity        Max HP
                   Length      Length   Diameter   Width    (2/3 Tubes)         (2/3 Tubes)     (2/3 Tubes)    Capacity       (Sport Package)             (Performance)   (2/3 Tubes)

           240      25'9"       24"       25"       8'6"   2765/3125 lbs       12-13/14-15     2291/2691 lbs    28 gal             28 gal                    37 gal       175/200

           220      23'5"       22"       25"       8'6"   2540/2875 lbs       10-11/12-13     2054/2396 lbs    28 gal             28 gal                    37 gal       150/200

           200      21'1"       20"       25"       8'6"   2305/2600 lbs         9-10/11       1903/2211 lbs    28 gal             28 gal                    37 gal       115/175


     52 | LUND                                                                                                                                               www.lundboats.com




lu.fa17_Pontoon.indd 52                                                                                                                                                            10/5/17 5:47 PM
                                                                                                                                                           PONTOON
                                                                                                                                                                 Walk-Thru

                                                                                                                                                           240 / 220 / 200




                                          Boats may show factory and/
                                          or dealer installed options.
                                          Please see dealer for details.




         1                                          2




         3                                          4
        1. Optional flip-up changing room
        offers privacy 2. Standard reclining
        helm chair delivers exceptional all-day
        comfort 3. Upgraded steering wheel
        delivers style, comfort and control
        4. Optional washdown makes cleaning
        a breeze 5. Standard glovebox provides
        convenient storage at your fingertips
                                                    5                                             240                              220                               200



                                                                                                                                                              SPECIFICATIONS
          Overall     Pontoon        Tube         Beam               Weight      People Capacity        Max Weight        Fuel     Fuel Capacity     Fuel Capacity          Max HP
          Length       Length      Diameter       Width            (2/3 Tubes)      (2/3 Tubes)          (2/3 Tubes)    Capacity   (Sport Package)   (Performance)         (2/3 Tubes)

            25'9"         24"         25"           8'6"        2765/3125 lbs      12-13/14-15          2291/2691 lbs    28 gal          28 gal         37 gal        175/200 (L-6)       240

            23'5"         22"         25"           8'6"        2540/2875 lbs      10-11/12-13          2054/2396 lbs    28 gal          28 gal         37 gal        150/200 (L-4)       220

            21'1"         20"         25"           8'6"        2305/2600 lbs        9-10/11            1903/2211 lbs    28 gal          28 gal         37 gal             115/175        200


        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                                Lund | 53




lu.fa17_Pontoon.indd 53                                                                                                                                                                    10/3/17 9:52 AM
              PONTOON
       Walk-Thru Dual Seating

              240 / 220 / 200




                                                                                                                        Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                                          or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                                        Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                                  1                                           2




                                                                                                  3                                           4
                                                                                                                                              1. Helm features sleek dash w/ stereo
                                                                                                                                              and gauges, ergonomic steering wheel
                                                                                                                                              and two-level footrest 2. Optional port
                                                                                                                                              Captain's Chair offers ultimate comfort
                                                                                                                                              3. Two standard courtesy lights provide
                                                                                                                                              onboard safety 4. Standard throw
                                                                                                                                              cubby at helm keeps small items at the
                                                                                                                                              ready 5. Standard table w/ cupholders
        240                             220                           200                         5                                           accommodates gatherings




                 SPECIFICATIONS
                   Overall   Pontoon     Tube     Beam       Weight         People Capacity   Max Weight        Fuel        Fuel Capacity            Fuel Capacity         Max HP
                   Length     Length   Diameter   Width    (2/3 Tubes)         (2/3 Tubes)     (2/3 Tubes)    Capacity       (Sport Package)             (Performance)    (2/3 Tubes)

           240      25'9"      24"       25"       8'6"   2765/3125 lbs       12-13/14-15     2291/2691 lbs    28 gal             28 gal                    37 gal       175/200 (L-6)

           220      23'5"      22"       25"       8'6"   2540/2875 lbs       10-11/12-13     2054/2396 lbs    28 gal             28 gal                    37 gal       150/200 (L-4)

           200      21'1"      20"       25"       8'6"   2305/2600 lbs         9-10/11       1903/2211 lbs    28 gal             28 gal                    37 gal         115/175


     54 | LUND                                                                                                                                              www.lundboats.com




lu.fa17_Pontoon.indd 54                                                                                                                                                            10/5/17 5:48 PM
                                                                                                                                                           PONTOON
                                                                                                                                                             Fish & Cruise

                                                                                                                                                           240 / 220 / 200




                                          Boats may show factory and/
                                          or dealer installed options.
                                          Please see dealer for details.




         1                                           2




         3                                           4
        1. Standard tilt wheel provides
        comfort for captains of all sizes
        2. Aft pilot chair upgrade delivers
        exceptional all-day comfort 3. Standard
        aft fish station includes split door for
        easy access to aerated livewell/baitwell
        4. Standard rod locker holds four 8' rods
        5. Bow features comfortable, stylish
        dual lounges and table (upgraded table
        shown)
                                                     5                                            240                              220                               200



                                                                                                                                                              SPECIFICATIONS
          Overall     Pontoon        Tube           Beam             Weight      People Capacity        Max Weight        Fuel     Fuel Capacity     Fuel Capacity          Max HP
          Length       Length      Diameter         Width          (2/3 Tubes)      (2/3 Tubes)          (2/3 Tubes)    Capacity   (Sport Package)   (Performance)         (2/3 Tubes)

            25'9"         24"          25"           8'6"       2765/3125 lbs      12-13/14-15          2291/2691 lbs    28 gal          28 gal         37 gal        175/200 (L-6)       240

            23'5"         22"          25"           8'6"       2540/2875 lbs      10-11/12-13          2054/2396 lbs    28 gal          28 gal         37 gal        150/200 (L-4)       220

            21'1"         20"          25"           8'6"       2305/2600 lbs        9-10/11            1903/2211 lbs    28 gal          28 gal         37 gal             115/175        200


        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                                Lund | 55




lu.fa17_Pontoon.indd 55                                                                                                                                                                    10/5/17 5:49 PM
              PONTOON
                          Fish

              240 / 220 / 200




                                                                                                                        Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                                          or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                                        Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                                  1                                           2




                                                                                                  3                                           4
                                                                                                                                              1. Horizontal rod locker keeps rods
                                                                                                                                              secure and out of the way 2. Optional
                                                                                                                                              pop-up speaker delivers great sound
                                                                                                                                              3. Aft tackle station comes with
                                                                                                                                              plentiful storage for all your tackle
                                                                                                                                              4. Port bow livewell keep your catches
                                                                                                                                              lively 5. Standard fishing seat is
                                                                                                                                              comfortable and convenient
        240                             220                           200                         5


                 SPECIFICATIONS
                   Overall   Pontoon     Tube     Beam       Weight         People Capacity   Max Weight        Fuel        Fuel Capacity            Fuel Capacity         Max HP
                   Length     Length   Diameter   Width    (2/3 Tubes)         (2/3 Tubes)     (2/3 Tubes)    Capacity       (Sport Package)             (Performance)    (2/3 Tubes)

           240      25'9"        24"     25"       8'6"   2765/3125 lbs       12-13/14-15     2291/2691 lbs    28 gal             28 gal                    37 gal       175/200 (L-6)

           220      23'5"        22"     25"       8'6"   2540/2875 lbs       10-11/12-13     2054/2396 lbs    28 gal             28 gal                    37 gal       150/200 (L-4)

           200      21'1"        20"     25"       8'6"   2305/2600 lbs         9-10/11       1903/2211 lbs    28 gal             28 gal                    37 gal         115/175


     56 | LUND                                                                                                                                              www.lundboats.com




lu.fa17_Pontoon.indd 56                                                                                                                                                            10/3/17 9:52 AM
                                                 Pontoon Options & Accessories
        STANDARD FEATURES




        Helm w/ stereo and gauges                10' bimini top                          Helm glove box                           Kicker stereo




                                                          Greywood table w/ cupholders                                        Mahogany table w/ cupholders
                                                          (Standard w/ grey Interior)                                         (Standard w/ tan Interior)




        OPTIONS




        Stainless steel flip-up cleat            Ski tow bar                             Changing room (WT floorplan shown)       Stainless steel ladder




        VesselView®                              Onboard charger with remote plug        Stitched brow                            Washdown system
                                                                                         (Luxury Package required)                (LC/WT/WTDS models only)




        Black acrylic table w/ four cupholders   Rockford Fosgate® stereo                In-floor ski locker w/ auto bilge        Docking lights
                                                                                         (Performance Plus Package only)

        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                    Lund | 57




lu.fa17_Pontoon.indd 57                                                                                                                                        10/6/17 10:45 AM
     Pontoon Options & Accessories
     SEATING
                 STANDARD




                                                                                             OPTIONAL
                            Fish Chair in Grey or Tan   Reclining Pilot Chair                            ProRide Seats in Grey or Tan    Helm Captain's Chair


     FENCE COLORS



                                                                                                                                                 Optional Accent Colors:




          Blue Sapphire                        Bronze Sand Metallic             Onyx Black                        Grey Platinum                  Black          Tan         Grey



     FLOORING




          Grey Seagrass             Grey Designer       Grey Teak               Grey TPO                Tan Seagrass       Golden Sand          Tan Teak               Tan TPO
                                    Weave                                                                                  Seagrass



          SPECIAL PACKAGES
             ONVENIENCE PACKAGE features a quick-release fender system, stainless steel flip-up
            C
            cleats, an upgraded steering wheel and portable cupholder.

      L
        UXURY PACKAGE features a Captain’s Chair, a stitched-brow upgrade to the helm, stainless
       steel cupholders, LED rope lighting at the seating base, a black acrylic table and a stainless
       steel boarding ladder.

             PORT PACKAGE promotes improved buoyancy, speed and maneuverability for epic
            S
            watersports adventures, thanks to the addition of a lowered center tube that creates a V-hull
            feel, lifting strakes on the inside of outer tubes, a reinforced nose cone, a full skin kit and a
            full keel.

           ERFORMANCE PLUS offers increased buoyancy, greater control, and improved speed,
            P
            maneuverability and fuel capacity for a smoother, performance-forward ride. The package
            includes a 25-inch full-length lowered center tube, lifting strakes on all tubes, a reinforced
                                                                                                                                           Sport Package              Performance Plus
            nose cone, a skin kit, a full keel, an optional in-floor locker and a 37-gallon fuel tank.                                                                     Package

     58 | LUND                                                                                                                                                  www.lundboats.com




lu.fa17_Pontoon.indd 58                                                                                                                                                             10/3/17 9:53 AM
                                                                                                             SportTrak™
        SportTrak™ ACCESSORIES SYSTEM
        Attach a variety of accessories like rod holders, cup holders and even electronics to your Lund without drilling holes in your boat. Heavy-duty
        SportTrak™ brackets mount securely along patented SportTrak™ gunnels so you can position gear just about anywhere. Available on Pro-V, Baron,
        Tyee, Sport Angler, Explorer, Impact, Pro Guide, Rebel XL, Outfitter, Alaskan and Predator models.




         Bumper button & strap (bumper not included)     Rod holder w/ optional extension                 Downrigger bracket for angled SportTrak (available
                                                                                                          on most aluminum models)




         Cupholders                                      Tool holder (tools included)                     Rod bracket (Sport Angler only)




         Drink holder                                    Tool holder (tools not included)                 Tackle bag (does not include plastic Plano boxes)




        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                           Lund | 59




lu.fa17_Pontoon.indd 59                                                                                                                                10/5/17 5:53 PM
     Options & Accessories
     TRAILERS




      Standard Roller trailer                                 Tandem Standard Roller trailer




      Standard Bunk trailer




      Tandem Custom Bunk trailer (galvanized trailer shown)




     60 | LUND                                                                                 www.lundboats.com




lu.fa17_Options_Accessories.indd 60                                                                          10/3/17 9:57 AM
                                                                                                          Options & Accessories
        TOP SETS
        Premium high-quality materials, easy-to-use designs and attention to detail distinguish Lund top sets.*




         Complete top set (1800 Tyee shown—style will vary by model. Eisenglass available on                       Optional sport top (Sport models only)
         2175/2075/1975/1875/1775 Pro-V, 2275 Baron, Magnum/2075/1900/1800 Tyee,
         1875/1775/1675 Crossover.) *Full canvas enclosure should be used only when boat is anchored or at rest.




         Bimini top                                                                                                Premium sport top




        OPTIONAL DECAL PACKAGES
        Lund’s optional camouflage designs cover the interior and exterior surfaces for ultimate performance.




         Lund Wetlands® camouflage exterior (available on Alaskan)                                                 Lund Fall Marsh color option (available on select models)




        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                      Lund | 61




lu.fa17_Options_Accessories.indd 61                                                                                                                                              10/3/17 9:57 AM
     Options & Accessories




                   Grey pilot chair                  Grey captain chair                   Grey standard seat                         ProRide seat




      Aft flip-up seat (2175/2075/1975/1875 Pro-V)    Aft flip-up seat (2175/2075/1975/1875 Pro-V)        Aft flip-up seat (2175/2075/1975/1875 Pro-V) in
                                                                                                          lowered position with optional ski pylon




     Tan bow cushions (Crossover)                    Grey bow cushions (Crossover)                        Aft flip-up seat (2175/2075 Pro-V, Impact,
                                                                                                          Rebel XS, Fury XL)




     62 | LUND                                                                                                                       www.lundboats.com




lu.fa17_Options_Accessories.indd 62                                                                                                                    10/3/17 10:15 AM
                                                                                Options & Accessories




        Premium audio (includes Rockford Fosgate® stereo   Tilt steering (see dealer for specific model availability)   Ski pylon (2175/2075 Pro-V, 2075/1875 Pro-V Bass
        and speakers)                                                                                                   XS, Baron, Tyee, Crossover, Impact XS and Rebel XS
                                                                                                                        [pictured])




        Splash pan inserts (Pro-V and Impact)              Bow rock guard                                               Mooring cover




         Travel cover                                                                     Premium travel cover (Pro-V, Baron, Tyee, Crossover)




         Premium graphics




        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                        Lund | 63




lu.fa17_Options_Accessories.indd 63                                                                                                                                 10/5/17 5:55 PM
     Options & Accessories




     Bag ladder combined (Optional: SSV, WC, A;   4-step transom mount ladder (Standard: Sport    Splash pan ladder (Impact [not XS], Rebel XS)
     Standard: Rebel, Fury, Predator)             Angler, Impact [not XS], Pro Guide, Rebel XS,
                                                  Fury XL, Outfitter, Alaskan)




     Ample bow storage                            Professional 3-bank charger                     VesselView™




     Washdown system (Sport Angler shown)         Bow baitwell                                    Starboard rod tubes (Impact shown)




     Snap-in carpet                               Snap-in marine mat                              Panther power steering




     64 | LUND                                                                                                               www.lundboats.com




lu.fa17_Options_Accessories.indd 64                                                                                                               10/5/17 5:57 PM
                                                                                                                                                                                       Aluminum Colors




                                                                                                                          Impact & Impact XS
                                                        Pro-V Bass/XS




                                                                                                           Sport Angler
                                                                                               Crossover




                                                                                                                                                   Pro Guide


                                                                                                                                                               Renegade




                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Outfitter




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Predator
                                                                                                                                                                            Rebel XS




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Alaskan
                                                                                                                                                                                                    Fury XL
                                                                        Baron
             Standard Color
                                              Pro-V
        ✓




                                                                                                                                                                                           Rebel
                                                                                        Tyee




                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Fury




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     SSV




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Jon
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             WC
        l    Optional Color




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    A
         FREEBOARD COLORS
                            Lund Red          ✓           ✓             ✓               ✓       ✓           ✓               ✓                          ✓        ✓            ✓             ✓         ✓            ✓         ✓             ✓          —       —         —    —       —
                          Arctic White        ✓           ✓             ✓               ✓       ✓           ✓               ✓                          ✓        ✓            ✓             ✓         ✓            ✓         ✓             ✓          l       l         —    —       —
                          Cobalt Blue         ✓           ✓             ✓               ✓       ✓           ✓               ✓                          ✓        ✓            ✓             ✓         ✓            ✓         ✓             ✓          l       l         —    —       —
                   Graphite Metallic          ✓           ✓             ✓               ✓       ✓           ✓               ✓                          ✓        ✓            l              l        l            l        —              ✓          —       —         —    —       —
                          Wildfire Red        —         —               —               —      —           —               —                           —       —            —              —        —             —        —             —           ✓       ✓         —    —       —
                                Black         ✓           ✓             ✓               ✓       ✓           ✓               ✓                          ✓        ✓            ✓             ✓         ✓            ✓         ✓             ✓          ✓       ✓         —    —       —
                   Olive Drab Green           —                         —               —      —           —               —                           —       —            —              —        —             —        —             —           —       —         —    ✓       —
                   Lund Fall Marsh            —         —               —               —      —           —               —                           —       —            —              —        —             l         l             l          l       l          l   —       —
                Dead Grass Green              —         —               —               —      —           —               —                           —       —            —              —        —             —        —             —           —       —         —    —        ✓
                       Dessert Sand           —         —               —               —      —           —               —                           —       —            —              —        —             —        —             —           —       —         —    —        l

            Mossy Oak® Breakup                —         —               —               —      —           —               —                           —       —            —              —        —             —        —             —           —       —         —    —        l

          Mossy Oak Shadow Grass
                      ®
                                              —         —               —               —      —           —               —                           —       —            —              —        —             —        —             —           —       —         —    —        l

                    HULL COLORS
                           Silverstone        ✓         —               ✓               ✓       ✓           ✓               ✓                          ✓       —             l             —        —             —        —             —           —       —         —    —       —
                            Aluminum          —         —               —               —      —           —               —                           —       —            —              ✓        —             ✓         ✓             ✓          ✓       ✓          ✓   —       —
                          Arctic White        —         —               —               —      —           —               —                           —        l           —              —        —             —        —             —           —       —         —    —       —
                            Lund Red          —         —               —               —      —           —               —                           —        l           —              —        —             —        —             —           —       —         —    —       —
                                Black         —         —               —               —      —           —               —                           —        l           —              —        —             —        —             —           —       —         —    —       —
                          Satin Beige         —         —               ✓               ✓       ✓          —               —                           —       —            —              —        —             —        —             —           —       —         —    —       —

            INTERIOR COLORS
                               Bronze         —         —               ✓               ✓       ✓          —               —                           —       —            —              —        —             —        —             —           —       —         —    —       —
                      Midnight Star           ✓           ✓             ✓               ✓       ✓           ✓               ✓                          ✓        ✓            ✓             ✓         ✓            —        —             —           —       —         —    —       —
                           Grey Fleck         —         —               —               —      —           —               —                           —       —            —              —        —             ✓         ✓             ✓          ✓       ✓          ✓   —       —

             DECAL PACKAGES

                    Lund Wetlands®            —         —               —               —      —           —               —                           —       —            —              —        —             —        —              l          —       —         —    —       —


        EXTERIOR OPTIONS

                                                                                   Graphite                                                                                                                   Olive                                         Aluminum
         Lund Red              Arctic White           Cobalt Blue                  Metallic                Satin Beige                                 Wildfire Red                Black                      Drab Green               Silverstone          Hull

        INTERIOR OPTIONS                                                                                                                                             SPORTSMAN OPTIONS

                               carpet                                           carpet                                                                                                             Fall Marsh &                                            Mossy Oak®
                                                                                                                                           vinyl                      Fall Marsh                   Wetlands seating              Dead Grass Green          Breakup
                               vinyl                                            vinyl

                                                                                                                                                                      Wetlands®                    Fall Marsh &                                            Mossy Oak®
          Bronze               seats              Midnight Star                 seats               Grey Fleck                                 seats                  exterior only                Wetlands flooring             Dessert Sand              Shadow Grass
        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Lund | 65




lu.fa17_Options_Accessories.indd 65                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               10/6/17 10:44 AM
     Fiberglass Features & Options

                                                                                                         Fiberglass Colors
                                                                                                         Freeboard / Swoosh / Interior




                                                                                                         Red / White / Gunmetal



     Optional full canvas *Full canvas enclosure should be   Optional sport top
     used only when boat is anchored or at rest.



                                                                                                         Black / White / Gunmetal




                                                                                                         Gunmetal / Silver / Silver




     Optional ski pylon                                      Aft storage pod (219 & 202 Pro-V GL only)
                                                                                                         Red / Silver / Gunmetal




                                                                                                         Black / Silver / Gunmetal




                                                                                                         Blue / Silver / Gunmetal
     Optional fiberglass fender                              Marine mat (189 GL)




                                                                                                         White / Gunmetal / Gunmetal




                                                                                                         Burgundy / Gunmetal / Gunmetal

     Standard fiberglass trailer                             Tandem fiberglass trailer with
                                                             stainless fender option




     66 | LUND                                                                                                                         www.lundboats.com




lu.fa17_Standards_Options.indd 66                                                                                                                   10/3/17 10:00 AM
                                                                        Standard & Optional Equipment




                                                                                                              (219, 208 Tiller, 202, 189)
                                             (2175, 2075, 1975, 1875)




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Impact & Impact XS
                                                                            2075/1875 Pro-V Bass XS)
                                                                            (2075/1875 Pro-V Bass,




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Rebel XS & Rebel



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Fury XL & Fury
                                                                                                                                                           2075, 1900, 1800)




                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Sport Angler
                                                                                                                                                           (2075 Magnum,




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                SSV, WC, A
                                                                                                                                                                                                      Crossover




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Pro Guide


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Renegade
                                                                                                       Pro-V GL




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Outfitter




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Predator
                                                                                                                                                                               Tyee GL
                                                                                                                                                                                         (208, 189)




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Alaskan
        ✓    Standard Feature




                                                                                                                                            Baron
                                         Pro-V


                                                                        Pro-V




                                                                                                                                                    Tyee
        l    Optional Equipment


                           FISHING

             Advanced water control      ✓ 2175
                                                                                ✓                          —                                —              —                        —                  —           —                —                    —           —              —                    —                —            —         —               —
                 bow compartments        ✓ 2075

                          Aft baitwell      ✓                                   ✓                           ✓                               —              —                        ✓                  —           —                —                     ✓          —              —                    —                —            —         —               —

                                                                                                                                                     ✓ 2075
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     ✓ XL Sport
                 Aft casting platform       ✓                                   ✓                           ✓                                ✓       ✓ 1900                         ✓                   ✓          —                  ✓                   ✓          ✓           ✓ XS                                     —            —         —               ✓
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     ✓ XL SS
                                                                                                                                                     ✓ 1800


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 l Im-
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               l XS Sport l XL Sport
                     Aft flip-up seats      l                             ✓ XS                             —                                 ✓             ✓                        ✓                   ✓          —             pact                    —           —                                                    —            —         —               —
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               l XS SS l XL SS
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 ✓ XS


                 Downrigger brackets        l                                   l                          —                                 l             l                        —                  l            l                l                   l           l               l                 l XL               l            l         —               —

                             Livewell       ✓                                   ✓                           ✓                                ✓             ✓                        ✓                   ✓           ✓                 ✓                   ✓          ✓               ✓                     ✓               ✓           ✓         —               ✓

                                         ✓ 2175
                  Livewell pump out                                             ✓                          —                                —              —                        —                  —           —                —                    —           ✓              —                    —                —            —         —               —
                                         ✓ 2075

                    FURNITURE &
                       FLOORING
                          Aft storage       ✓                                   ✓                           ✓                                ✓             ✓                        ✓                   ✓           ✓                 ✓                   ✓          ✓               ✓                 ✓ XL               —          ✓ 2000      —               —

                            Bike seat       l                                   ✓                           l                                l             l                        l                  l            l                l                   l           l               l                    l               l            l         —               —


                                         ✓ 2175                                                                                                                                                                                                        ✓ 2075
                                                                                                       ✓ 219                                        ✓ 2075
                                         ✓ 2075                                                                                                                                                                                                        ✓ 1875                                                                                    —
                      Bow cargo nets                                        —                          ✓ 208                                 ✓      ✓ 1900                          —                  —           —                 l                               —              —                    —                —            —                         —
                                         ✓ 1975                                                                                                                                                                                                        l 1775
                                                                                                       ✓ 202                                        ✓ 1800
                                         ✓ 1875                                                                                                                                                                                                        l 1675


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 l 2075
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 l 1875
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        ✓ 2075
                      Bow multi base       —                                —                              —                                —              —                        —                  —           —             l 1775                              l              —                    —                —          l 2000      —               ✓
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        ✓ 1875
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 l 1675
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 — XS

                        Captain chair       l                               —                               l                                l             l                        l                  l            l               —                  l 2075        —              —                    —                —            —         —               —

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       l 2075
                           Pilot chair      l                               —                               l                                l             l                        l                  l            l                l                               —              —                    —                —            —         —               —
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       l 1875

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       ✓ 2075
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       ✓ 1875
                       ProRide seats        ✓                                   ✓                           ✓                                ✓             ✓                        ✓                   ✓           l                l                               l               l                     l              l            l         —               —
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       l 1775
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       l 1675

                Solid seat, pedestals
                                            ✓                                   ✓                          —                                 ✓             ✓                        —                   ✓           ✓                 ✓                   ✓          ✓               ✓                     ✓               ✓           ✓         —               ✓
                           and bases

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       ✓ 1775
                      Standard seats        l                               —                              —                                 l             l                        —                  l            ✓                 ✓                              ✓               ✓                     ✓               ✓           ✓         —               ✓
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       ✓ 1675



        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Lund | 67




lu.fa17_Standards_Options.indd 67                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            10/3/17 10:00 AM
     Standard & Optional Equipment




                                                                                                           (219, 208 Tiller, 202, 189)
                                          (2175, 2075, 1975, 1875)




                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Impact & Impact XS
                                                                         2075/1875 Pro-V Bass XS)
                                                                         (2075/1875 Pro-V Bass,




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Rebel XS & Rebel


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Fury XL & Fury
                                                                                                                                                        2075, 1900, 1800)




                                                                                                                                                                                                               Sport Angler
                                                                                                                                                        (2075 Magnum,




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           SSV, WC, A
                                                                                                                                                                                                   Crossover




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Pro Guide


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Renegade
                                                                                                    Pro-V GL




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Outfitter




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Predator
                                                                                                                                                                            Tyee GL
                                                                                                                                                                                      (208, 189)




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Alaskan
     ✓    Standard Feature




                                                                                                                                         Baron
                                      Pro-V


                                                                     Pro-V




                                                                                                                                                 Tyee
     l    Optional Equipment


                CONVENIENCE

                                                                                                                                                  ✓ 2075
                                      ✓ 2175                                                        ✓ 219
                                                                                                                                                     Mag.
                AirRide pedestals,    ✓ 2075                                                        ✓ 208                                                 ✓ 208
                                                                         —                                                                ✓       ✓ 2075                                           l            l                l                  l           —            l                    l               l            l           —            —
                         mainstay     l 1975                                                        ✓ 202                                                 l 189
                                                                                                                                                  l 1900
                                      l 1875                                                        l 189
                                                                                                                                                  l 1800

                  Boarding ladder        ✓                                   ✓                           ✓                                ✓             ✓                        ✓                   ✓           ✓                 ✓                  ✓          l            ✓                     ✓               ✓           ✓            l           ✓

                                                                                                                                                 l 2075
                     Bow cushion        —                                —                              —                                 l      l 1900                          l                  l           —              l XS                  —           —           —                    —                —            —           —            —
                                                                                                                                                 l 1800




      Bow panel with trim switch         ✓                                   ✓                           ✓                               —              —                        ✓                  —           —                —                   —           ✓           —                    —                —            —           —            l



                  Bow rock guard         l                               —                              —                                 l             l                        —                  l            l                l                  l           —         l XS                 l XL               —            l           —            —

              Bow stem protector        —                                —                              —                                —              —                        —                  —            l               —                   —           —           —                    —                l            l           —            —

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         l SSV-18
                      Bow storage        ✓                                   ✓                           ✓                                ✓             ✓                        ✓                   ✓           ✓                 ✓                  ✓          ✓            ✓                     ✓               ✓           ✓                        ✓
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         l SSV-16

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              l 1800 l SSV-14
                  CE certification      —                                —                              —                                —              —                        —                  —           —                 l                  l           —            l                    l               —          l 1600 l WC-16            —
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 SS   l WC-14

                      Travel cover       l                                   l                           l                                l             l                        l                  l            l                l                  l           l            l                 l XL               l             l          —            —
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              l XL Sport
                 Driver seat slider      l                               —                               ✓                                l             ✓                        ✓                   ✓           l                l                  l           —         l XS                                    —             —          —            —
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              l XL SS

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     ✓ 2075
                     Grab handles        ✓                                   ✓                           ✓                                ✓             ✓                        ✓                   ✓           ✓            ✓ 2025 ✓ 1875                      —           —                    —                —             —          —            —
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     ✓ 1775

                      Heavy-duty
                                        —                                    ✓                          —                                —              —                        —                  —            ✓                 ✓                  ✓          ✓            ✓                 ✓ XL                ✓           ✓           —            —
               gunwale extrusions

         Interchangeable aerator/
                                         ✓                                   ✓                           ✓                                ✓             ✓                        ✓                   ✓           ✓                 ✓                  ✓          ✓            ✓                     ✓               ✓           ✓           —            —
                  bilge cartridges

                                                                                                                                                  ✓ 2075
             Bow Deck Extension         —                                —                              —                                 ✓       ✓ 1900                         ✓                  l           —                —                   —           —           —                    —                —            —           —            —
                                                                                                                                                  ✓ 1800

              Recessed ring deck
                                         ✓                               —                              —                                —              —                        —                  —           —                —                   —           —           —                    —                —            —           —            —
                    and controls

         Self-draining splash pan        ✓                                   ✓                           ✓                                ✓             ✓                        ✓                   ✓           ✓                 ✓                  ✓          ✓            ✓                     ✓               ✓           ✓         ✓ SSV          ✓

                   Snap-in carpet        l                                   l                           l                                l             l                        l                  l           —                 l                  —           —           —                    —                —            —           —            —

                                                                                                                                                 ✓ 1900
                   Solid pedestals      —                                    ✓                      ✓ 189                                —              ✓ 189                                        ✓           ✓                 ✓                  ✓          ✓            ✓                     ✓               ✓           ✓           —            ✓
                                                                                                                                                 ✓ 1800




     68 | LUND                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                www.lundboats.com




lu.fa17_Standards_Options.indd 68                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       10/3/17 10:00 AM
                                                                           Standard & Optional Equipment




                                                                                                                (219, 208 Tiller, 202, 189)
                                               (2175, 2075, 1975, 1875)




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Impact & Impact XS
                                                                              2075/1875 Pro-V Bass XS)
                                                                              (2075/1875 Pro-V Bass,




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Rebel XS & Rebel


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Fury XL & Fury
                                                                                                                                                             2075, 1900, 1800)




                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Sport Angler
                                                                                                                                                             (2075 Magnum,




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     SSV, WC, A
                                                                                                                                                                                                        Crossover




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Pro Guide


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Renegade
                                                                                                         Pro-V GL




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Outfitter




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Predator
                                                                                                                                                                                 Tyee GL
                                                                                                                                                                                           (208, 189)




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Alaskan
        ✓    Standard Feature




                                                                                                                                              Baron
                                           Pro-V


                                                                          Pro-V




                                                                                                                                                      Tyee
        l    Optional Equipment



                                          l 2175                                                         ✓ 219                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        —               —
             Stainless steel bow rails                                        —                                                               ✓              ✓                        ✓                 —            —                —                     —           —              —                     —               —            —
                                          l 2075                                                         ✓ 202

                    Twin-plating bow
                                              ✓                                   ✓                          —                                ✓              ✓                       —                   ✓            ✓                 ✓                    ✓          —            ✓ XS                    —                ✓           —           —               —
                          to midship
                   Washdown system           l                                —                              l                                —       l 2075                         —                  —             ✓            l 2025 l 2075                        —              —                     —               —            —           —               —

                    ELECTRONICS

                Auto-style fuse panel
                                              ✓                                   ✓                          ✓                                ✓              ✓                        ✓                  ✓            ✓                 ✓                    ✓           ✓              ✓                    —               —            —           —               —
                  and wiring harness


                                          ✓ 2175
                   Additional trolling    ✓ 2075
                                                                              —                              —                                —              —                       —                  —            —                  l                    l          —               l                     l               l           l           —               —
                       motor plug-in      l 1975
                                          l 1875


          Easy-access service portals         ✓                                   ✓                          ✓                                ✓              ✓                        ✓                  ✓            ✓                 ✓                    ✓           ✓              ✓                    —               —            —           —               —

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   l 2025
                       Factory kicker                                                                                                                                                                                              l 1875                  l 20
                                             l                                —                              l                                l              l                        l                  l            l                                                 —              —                     —               —            —           —               —
                        motor pre-rig                                                                                                                                                                                              l 1850                  l 18
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   l 1775

                    Fire extinguisher         ✓                                   ✓                          ✓                                ✓              ✓                        ✓                  l            l                 l                    l           l                 l                    l             l           l           —               —


                                          ✓ 2175
                                          ✓ 2075                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         l XL Sport
                        Kicker stereo                                             l                          ✓                                ✓              ✓                        ✓                  ✓            l                 l                    l           l           l XS                                    —            —           —               —
                                          ✓ 1975                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         l XL SS
                                          ✓ 1875


                        Interior lights       ✓                                   ✓                          ✓                                ✓              ✓                        ✓                  ✓            ✓                 ✓                    ✓           ✓           ✓ (1)                   —               —            —           —               —

                               HELM

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         ✓ XL SS                                                    ✓ SS
                  Bubble windshield        ✓ SE                                   ✓                          —                                —              —                       —                  —            —              ✓ SS                    —            ✓         ✓ XS SS                                   —           ✓ SS       l SSV
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         l SS                                                       ✓ CC

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ✓
                     Console storage          ✓                                   l                          —                                ✓              ✓                       —                   ✓            ✓            ✓ Sport                              —          ✓ XS Sport ✓ XL Sport                     —           ✓ DC      l SSV-18         ✓ CC
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Command

          Custom dual consoles with                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ✓ XS                                                             —
                                          ✓ IFS                               —                              ✓                                ✓              ✓                        ✓                  ✓            ✓            ✓ Sport                  —           —                                ✓ XL Sport          —           ✓ DC                         —
            walk-through windshield                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Sport



                        Side console         l                                    ✓                          —                                —              —                       —                  —            —              ✓ SS                    —            ✓              ✓                        ✓           —            ✓         l SSV           ✓ SS



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   ✓ Rebel                                                                          ✓ SS
                                 Horn         ✓                                   ✓                          ✓                                ✓              ✓                        ✓                  ✓            ✓                 ✓                    ✓           ✓                                    l              —            l           —
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    l XS                                                                            ✓ CC




        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Lund | 69




lu.fa17_Standards_Options.indd 69                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   10/3/17 10:00 AM
     Standard & Optional Equipment




                                                                                                               (219, 208 Tiller, 202, 189)
                                              (2175, 2075, 1975, 1875)




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Impact & Impact XS
                                                                             2075/1875 Pro-V Bass XS)
                                                                             (2075/1875 Pro-V Bass,




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Rebel XS & Rebel



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Fury XL & Fury
                                                                                                                                                            2075, 1900, 1800)




                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Sport Angler
                                                                                                                                                            (2075 Magnum,




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       SSV, WC, A
                                                                                                                                                                                                       Crossover




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Pro Guide


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Renegade
                                                                                                        Pro-V GL




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Outfitter




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Predator
                                                                                                                                                                                Tyee GL
                                                                                                                                                                                          (208, 189)




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Alaskan
     ✓     Standard Feature




                                                                                                                                             Baron
                                          Pro-V


                                                                         Pro-V




                                                                                                                                                     Tyee
     l     Optional Equipment


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ✓ XS Sport                                             l DC
          Lighted instrumentation            ✓                                   ✓                          ✓                                ✓              ✓                        ✓                  ✓            ✓                ✓                   ✓           ✓                                        l               ✓                      l SSV          —
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ✓ XS SS                                                l SS

                   Lockable storage          ✓                                   ✓                          ✓                                ✓              ✓                        ✓                  ✓            ✓                ✓                   ✓           ✓                ✓ XS               ✓ XL Sport          —            ✓ DC        —             —

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ✓ XS Sport              ✓ XL                           ✓ DC
                   Mercury Pre-Rig           ✓                                   ✓                          ✓                                ✓              ✓                        ✓                  ✓            ✓                ✓                   ✓           ✓                                                       —                       l SSV          ✓
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ✓ XS SS                 ✓ SS                           ✓ SS

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ✓ XS Sport l XL Sport
              Mercury Pre-Rig with                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         l DC
                                             ✓                                   ✓                          ✓                                ✓              ✓                        ✓                  ✓            ✓                ✓                   ✓           ✓             ✓ XS SS    l XL SS                        —                       l SSV          ✓
                           gauges                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          l SS
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    l Rebel SS l Fury SS

              Mercury SmartCraft    TM


                                            l                                    l                          l                                l              l                        l                  l            l                l                   l           l                 —                     —               —              —         —             —
                          gauges
              Padded bow bolsters           —                                —                              —                                l              l                        l                 —            —               —                     —          —                  —                     —               —              —         —             —

                Port console option                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        l 2000     l SSV-
                                          l SE                                   l                          —                                —              —                       —                  —            —             l SS                    —          —              l XS SS               l XL SS             —                                       —
                  (Double Bubble)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            SS         18

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    l 20
               Power tiller steering        —                                —                          ✓ 208                                —              —                       —                  —            —               —                   l 2075       —                  —                     —               —              —         —
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    l 18

              ProCapacity lockable
                                             ✓                                   ✓                          ✓                                ✓              ✓                        ✓                  ✓           —                 ✓                   ✓           ✓               ✓ XS                  ✓ XL              —              —         —             —
                in-floor rod storage

                PERFORMANCE
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ✓ SS
               Built-in fuel system          ✓                                   ✓                          ✓                                ✓              ✓                        ✓                  ✓            ✓                ✓                   ✓           ✓               ✓ XS                    —                ✓             ✓         —
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ✓ CC

                                         ✓ 2175
                                         ✓ 2075
         Freshwater pickup system                                            —                              ✓                                ✓              —                        ✓                 —            —             ✓ 2025 ✓ 2075                      —                  —                     —               —              —         —             —
                                         ✓ 1975
                                         ✓ 1875




     The following solid-construction features come standard on all Lund models**: aluminum bow and corner castings, double-riveted seams, heavy-duty
     treated transom, marine-grade 5052 H34 aluminum, oven-cured finish and poured foam for level flotation.
     STANDARD FEATURES ON MOST* MODELS**:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       POPULAR OPTIONS AVAILABLE ON
          ccessory brackets (standard on all models except Fury, SSV, WC, A; optional on Crossover, Impact, Rebel XS, Fury XL, Outfitter, Alaskan)
         A                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      MOST* MODELS**:
         Bilge pump (standard on all models except SSV, WC, A)                                                                                                                                                                                                                   A
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   dditional pedestal seats (optional on all models except SSV, WC, A)
          Bow eye (standard on all models)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       B
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   attery charger (optional on all models except SSV, WC, A)
           Built-in fuel tank (standard on all models except Fury XL, Fury, SSV, WC, A)                                                                                                                                                                                          M
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   ooring cover (fish boats only)
            Casting platform (standard on all models except 1800 Alaskan DC, 1800/1600 Alaskan, SSV, WC, A)                                                                                                                                                                      T
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   ravel cover
             Deck mounting pad (standard on all models except SSV, WC, A)
              Drink holders (standard on most models)                                                                                                                                                                                                                           *N  ot all standard and optional equipment available on all models;
               Electronics package: depthfinder, trolling motor—see dealer for details                                                                                                                                                                                             see your Lund dealer for more information.
                Mercury outboard motor (standard on all models except Outfitter, SSV, WC, A)                                                                                                                                                                                   ** See your Lund dealer or visit www.lundboats.com for Jon boat
                 Navigation lights (standard on all models except A; optional on SSV, WC)                                                                                                                                                                                          standards and options.
                  Shoreland’r trailer (standard on all models except Outfitter, SSV, WC, A)




     70 | LUND                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            www.lundboats.com




lu.fa17_Standards_Options.indd 70                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   10/3/17 10:00 AM
                                                                                                                                                                                                         Specifications




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        2075 Tyee Magnum
                                                                                                                                                                                           2075 Pro-V Bass XS
                                                                                                                     208 Pro-V GL Tiller




                                                                                                                                                                                                                 1875 Pro-V Bass XS
                                                                            2075 Pro-V IFS
                                                          2175 Pro-V IFS




                                                                                                                                              202 Pro-V GL




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         189 Pro-V GL
                                                                                                 219 Pro-V GL




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            208 Tyee GL
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          2275 Baron
                                                                                                                                                              1975 Pro-V



                                                                                                                                                                            1875 Pro-V




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            2075 Tyee
                                PAGE NUMBER                 7                   7                  8                10                          8             11             11               9                  12                      13               14            15                  15             16

                         Horsepower Maximum              350                300                 350                 250                      300              225           200           250                    200                    200               350           250                 250            300
                                                                                             (Mercury only)

                               Centerline Length        21'10"             20'10"              21'9"               20'8"                    20'2"            19'8"         18'10"        20'10"                 18'9"                  18'9"             22'9"         20'8"               20'8"          20'8"

                                       Beam Width        102"              102"                102"                 96"                      102"            100"           97"            96"                   96"                    102"             102"          99.5"               99.5"           96"

                                       Stern Width       101"              101"                100"                 95"                      100"            100"           97"          95.5"                  95.5"                  98.5"             101"           96"                 98"            95"

                                    Amidship Depth      40.5"              40.5"                  —                  —                        —              39.5"          37"          32.25" 32.25"                                 45.5"              52"           48"                 48"             —

                                        Bow Depth       42.5"              42.5"                  —                  —                        —              42.5"         40.5"         32.25" 33.25"                                 41.5"              57"           52"                 52"             —

                                    Transom Height       25"                25"                  25"                25"                      25"              25"           25"            25"                   25"                    25"               25"           25"                 25"            25"

          Standard Boat Weight (approx. lbs)            2300               2150                3000                2400                     2500             1940          1710           1850                  1475                   2550              2450          1920                1980           2500

                                      Capacity (lbs)    2200               2100                2150                2100                     2000             2000          1800           1800                  1650                   1900              2950          2350                2350           2000

                                    Fuel Tank (gal.)      65                62                   65                 65                        65              51             43            49                    39                      41               70            49                  50             55

                            Persons (maximum)               7                   7                  8                    5                       7                6             6              5                     5                      8              12                 9                9               8

                                        Hull Design      IPS2              IPS2                IPS3                 IPS2                     IPS3            IPS2           IPS2          IPS2                  IPS2                    IPS3             IPS2          IPS2                IPS2           IPS2

                  Thickness Freeboard/Bottom            .08/.125 .08/.125                         —                  —                        —              .08/.1        .08/.1        .08/.1                 .08/.1                   —              .08/.125       .08/.1              .08/.1           —

                     Twin Hull Plate Thickness           .225              .225                   —                  —                        —                .2           .18             .2                   .18                     —               .225              .2                .2             —

                                           Gunwale       PTG                PTG                   —                  —                        —               PTG           PTG           PTG                    PTG                     —                PTG           PTG                 PTG             —

                                              Seats      4 AR              4 AR                4 AR                 4 AR                     4 AR            4 AR           3 AR         2solid/1B 2solid/1B 3 solid 3solid/1AR 3solid/1AR 3solid/1AR                                                     4 AR

                                        Seat Bases          6                   6                  7                    6                       8                6             6              5                     5                      7                 8               5                6               7

                         Console (with steering) T(◆✓H) T(◆✓H) T(✓H)                                                 —                      T(✓H)            T(✓H)         T(◆l H) S(◆l H) S(◆l H)                                     T(✓H)             T(✓H) T(◆✓H) T(◆✓H) T(◆✓H)

                                           Livewell      PLP                PLP                 PLP                 PLP                      PLP              PLP           PLP            PL                    PL                     PLP               PLP            AL                 AL             PL

                                       Rod Storage        ✓L                ✓L                   ✓L                 ✓L                        ✓L              ✓L             ✓L            ✓L                    ✓L                      ✓L               ✓L            ✓L                  ✓L             ✓L

                                     Battery Holder       ✓5                ✓5                   ✓5                 ✓5                        ✓5              ✓5            ✓3             ✓3                    ✓3                      ✓5               ✓5            ✓5                  ✓5             ✓5

                                    Canvas Top Set     lTClSTlCT lTClSTlCT lTClSTlCT                                 —                     lTClSTlCT lTClSTlCT lTCSTlCT                    —                     —                    lTClSTlCT lTClSTlCT lTClSTlCT lTClSTlCT lTClSTlCT

                                     Cockpit Depth      21.5"              21.5"               24.5"               22.5"                     25"             21.25" 21.25"                 20"                   20"                    25"              30.5"          30"                 30"           26.5"

                  Bow Casting Platform Depth            12.75" 12.75"                            13"                 —                        —               11"           11"          16.75" 16.75" 10.75" 16.75"                                                    16"                 16"             —




            SPECIFICATIONS LEGEND                                                                                                                                                                                                                        (see page 72 for additional symbols)


            ✓      Standard Feature              IPS IPSTM Hull                                                 PTG ProTrakTM Gunwale                                      AR AirRide Pedestal Seats                                                    H  Hydraulic Steering
            l      Optional Equipment            IPS2 IPSTM 2 Hull                                              DTG DualTrak™ Gunwale                                      B  Bike Seat                                                                 ◆  No-feedback Tilt Steering
                                                 IPS3 IPSTM 3 Hull                                              FBG Fish Boat Gunwale                                      S  Side Console                                                              ✚	No-feedback Steering with
                                                 SVB Semi V-Hull                                                                                                           T	Twin Console with                                                            Optional Tilt
                                                 TLVB True Lund V-Hull                                                                                                        Walk-through Windshield                                                   ▲	No-feedback Steering


        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Lund | 71




lu.fa17_Standards_Options.indd 71                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         10/5/17 5:59 PM
     Specifications




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          1875 Impact XS Sport
                                                                                                                                                                                        2025 Impact XS Sport




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         1775 Impact XS Sport
                                                                                                   1875 Crossover XS




                                                                                                                                             2000 Sport Angler
                                                                                                                        1775 Crossover XS




                                                                                                                                                                                                                 1875 Impact Sport




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  1775 Impact Sport
                                                                                                                                                                  1800 Sport Angler




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      1875 Impact SS




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       1775 Impact SS
                                                                                 189 Tyee GL
                                                     1900 Tyee



                                                                   1800 Tyee
                             PAGE NUMBER             17            18            19                20                    21                   22                   22                    23                       24                   24                 25                       26                   26                27

                      Horsepower Maximum            200           175           200               175                   150                  225                  175                  200                      150                   150                150                      125                  125               125

                            Centerline Length      19'1"         18'1"         18'9"             18'10"                17'10"               20'6"                18'6"                20'2"                    18'11"                18'11"             18'11"                   17'11"               17'11"            17'11"

                                    Beam Width      98"           95"          102"               95"                   95"                  97"                  97"                  96"                      96"                   96"                96"                      96"                  96"               96"

                                    Stern Width     97"           94"          98.5"              95"                   95"                  97"                  97"                  95"                     93.5"                 93.5"              93.5"                    93.5"                93.5"             93.5"

                              Amidship Depth        45"          42.25"        45.5"             40.5"                 40.5"                42.5"                42.5"                 37"                     38.25" 38.25" 38.25" 38.25" 38.25" 38.25"

                                     Bow Depth      48"           45"          41.5"              43"                   43"                  46"                  46"                  39"                     42.25" 42.25" 42.25" 42.25" 42.25" 42.25"

                              Transom Height        25"           25"           25"               25"                   25"                  25"                  25"                  25"                      25"                   25"                25"                      25"                  25"               25"

       Standard Boat Weight (approx. lbs)          1750          1550          2500              1558                  1450                 1600                 1460                 1750                     1410                  1380               1520                     1360                 1310              1390

                                Capacity (lbs)     1800          1700          2100              1800                  1750                 2100                 1900                 2000                     1800                  1800               1800                     1700                 1700              1700

                              Fuel Tank (gal.)       41            31            41                35                    28                   52                   44                    46                       36                   36                  36                      30                   30                30

                         Persons (maximum)            8             7              8                  8                      7                    6                    6                      7                       7                   6                     7                      6                   6                   6

                                    Hull Design     IPS2         IPS2          IPS3               IPS                   IPS                 IPS2                 IPS2                  IPS2                     IPS                   IPS                IPS                      IPS                  IPS               IPS

               Thickness Freeboard/Bottom          .08/.1        .08/.1          —               .08/.1                .08/.1               .08/.1               .08/.1               .08/.1                   .08/.08               .08/.08            .08/.08                  .08/.08              .08/.08           .08/.08

                  Twin Hull Plate Thickness          .2            .2            —                .16                   .16                     .2                   .2                .18                      .16                   .16                .16                      .16                  .16               .16

                                       Gunwale      PTG           PTG            —                PTG                   PTG                  DTG                  DTG                  DTG                      DTG                   DTG                DTG                      DTG                  DTG               DTG

                                          Seats    3 solid       3 solid       3 solid           3 solid               3 solid              2 solid              2 solid              4 solid                  3 solid               3 solid            3 solid                  2 solid              2 solid           2 solid

                                     Seat Bases       6             6              7                  6                      6                    7                    7                      6                       7                   6                     7                      6                   6                   6

                      Console (with steering) T(◆✓H) T(◆✓H) T(✓H)                                T(◆l H) T(◆l H) T(✚l H) T(✚l H) T(✚l H) T(✚l H) S(✚l H) T(✚l H) T(✚l H) S(✚l H) T(◆l H)

                                       Livewell      AL            AL            PL                AL                    AL                   AL                   AL                    AL                       AL                   AL                  AL                      AL                   AL                AL

                                    Rod Storage      ✓L           ✓L            ✓L                ✓L                    ✓L                       ✓                    ✓                 ✓L                       ✓L                   ✓L                  ✓L                      ✓L                   ✓L                ✓L

                               Battery Holder        ✓3           ✓3            ✓5                ✓3                    ✓3                   ✓3                   ✓3                    ✓3                       ✓3                   ✓3                  ✓3                      ✓3                   ✓3                ✓3

                              Canvas Top Set      lTClSTlCT lTClSTlCT lTClSTlCT lTClSTlCT lTClSTlCT l PCTl CT l PCTl CT                                                               l STl CT                 l STl CT               l BT             lSTlBTlCT l STl CT                              l BT              l BT

                                Cockpit Depth       27"           27"           27"               25"                   25"                 26.5"                26.5"                22.5"                     24"                   24"                24"                      24"                  24"               24"

               Bow Casting Platform Depth           11"           11"           12"               11"                   11"                 13.5"                13.5"                 12"                     12.5"                 12.5"              12.5"                    12.5"                12.5"             10.5"




         SPECIFICATIONS LEGEND

         ✓      Standard Feature             IPS IPSTM Hull                                    PTG ProTrakTM Gunwale                                              AR AirRide Pedestal Seats                                                              H  Hydraulic Steering
         l      Optional Equipment           IPS2 IPSTM 2 Hull                                 DTG DualTrak™ Gunwale                                              B  Bike Seat                                                                           ◆  No-feedback Tilt Steering
                                             IPS3 IPSTM 3 Hull                                 FBG Fish Boat Gunwale                                              S  Side Console                                                                        ✚	No-feedback Steering with
                                             SVB Semi V-Hull                                                                                                      T	Twin Console with                                                                      Optional Tilt
                                             TLVB True Lund V-Hull                                                                                                   Walk-through Windshield                                                             ▲	No-feedback Steering


     72 | LUND                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   www.lundboats.com




lu.fa17_Standards_Options.indd 72                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  10/3/17 1:49 PM
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Specifications

                                                       1675 Impact XS Sport




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   1650 Rebel XS Sport
                                                                                                                                                                                                      1750 Rebel XS Sport




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               1650 Rebel XS Tiller




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              1625 Fury XL Sport
            1675 Impact Sport




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           1650 Rebel XS SS




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        1600 Rebel Tiller
                                                                                                                                                                                                                              1750 Rebel XS SS




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      1625 Fury XL SS
                                                                                                                                            1675 Pro Guide



                                                                                                                                                              1875 Renegade
                                                                                                                         1775 Pro Guide
                                                                               2075 Pro Guide




                                                                                                                                                                                    1775 Renegade
                                     1675 Impact SS




                                                                                                       1875 Pro Guide




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       1600 Rebel SS
             28                       28                29                      30                     30                 31                31                32                    33                34                      34                   35                      35                   36                      37               37                   38                      39

            90                        90                90                     200                     90                 90                75                115                   90               115                      90                    90                     90                   60                      50               40                   60                      60

          16'10"                    16'10"            16'10"                  20'9"                  18'10"             17'9"             16'9"              18'9"                 17'9"            17'6"                   17'6"                16'6"                    16'6"               16'6"                   16'5"            16'5"                16'3"                   16'3"

            90"                      90"               90"                     93"                    93"                93"               90"                95"                   95"              85"                     85"                  84"                     84"                  84"                     77"              77"                  80"                     80"

           89.5"                    89.5"             89.5"                    93"                    93"                93"              88.25"              95"                   95"              83"                     83"                 82.5"                    82.5"               82.5"                   73.5"            73.5"                 77"                     77"

            36"                      36"               36"                    36.5"                   37"               34.5"             34.5"               26"                   26"             34.5"                   34.5"                33.5"                    33.5"               33.5"                    31"              31"                 32.5"                   32.5"

            39"                      39"               39"                    38.75"                 38.5"              37.5"              37"                24"                   24"             36.75" 36.75"                                36.5"                    36.5"               36.5"                    33"              33"                  35"                     35"

            25"                      25"               25"                     25"                    25"                20"               20"                20"                   20"              20"                     20"                  20"                     20"                  20"                     20"              20"                  20"                     20"

           1175                     1125              1320                    1500                   1336               1225              1050               1270                  1195             1135                    1085                 1025                     975                  920                     710              647                  902                     862

           1550                     1550              1550                    2000                   1650               1600              1400               1325                  1225             1400                    1400                 1350                     1350                1350                    1225             1225                 1250                    1250

            22                        22                22                      43                     35                 30                22                22                    22                22                      22                    21                     21                   21                         6                 6                12                      12

                 6                       6                   6                     6                       6                 6                6                 4                     4                  6                       6                       6                    6                      6                     5                 5                   5                      5

            IPS                      IPS               IPS                    IPS2                    IPS2               IPS               IPS                IPS                   IPS              IPS                     IPS                  IPS                     IPS                  IPS                     IPS              IPS                  IPS                     IPS

          .08/.08                   .08/.08           .08/.08                 .08/.1                 .063/.08 .063/.08 .063/.08                               .1/.1                .1/.1            .063/.08 .063/.08 .063/.08 .063/.08 .063/.08 .063/.08 .063/.08 .063/.08 .063/.08

            .16                      .16               .16                     .18                    .16               .143              .143                 —                    —                .143                   .143                  .143                    .143                .143                      —                 —                   —                       —

           DTG                       DTG               DTG                     DTG                    DTG                DTG               DTG                DTG                  DTG               DTG                     DTG                  DTG                     DTG                  DTG                     DTG              DTG                  DTG                     DTG

          2 solid                   2 solid           2 solid                 3 solid                3 solid            3 solid           2 solid            2S/1B                2S/1B             3 solid                 3 solid              3 solid                 3 solid              3 solid                 2 solid          2 solid              2 solid                 2 solid

                 6                       6                   6                     7                       7                 6                4                 2                     2                  6                       6                       6                    6                      4                     4                 4                   6                      6

         T(✚l H) S(✚l H) T(◆l H)                                                 —                       —                 —                —                S(✚)                  S(✚)              T(▲)                   S(▲)                  T(▲)                    S(▲)                    —                   S(▲)                —                  T(▲)                    S(▲)

             AL                       AL                AL                     PLP                    PLP                 PL                PL                PL                    PL                AL                      AL                    AL                     AL                   AL                      AL               AL                   AL                      AL

            ✓L                       ✓L                ✓L                      ✓L                      ✓L                ✓L                ✓L                 ✓L                    ✓L                ✓L                     ✓L                    ✓L                      ✓L                  ✓L                         ✓                 ✓                   ✓                       ✓

            ✓3                       ✓3                ✓3                      ✓3                      ✓3                ✓3                ✓3                 ✓3                    ✓3                ✓2                     ✓2                    ✓2                      ✓2                  ✓2                      ✓2               ✓2                   ✓2                       ✓2
          l STl CT                   l BT              l BT                    l BT                   l BT               l BT              l BT                —                    —               l STl CT                 l BT                l STl CT                 l BT                 l BT                      —                —                      l                       l

            23"                      23"               23"                    20.25"                 19.5"               20"              20.75" 18.75" 18.75"                                      23.5"                   23.5"                 23"                     23"                  23"                     22"              22"                  20"                     20"

           10.5"                    10.5"             10.5"                   12.75"                 12.5"              12.75"            12.5"              15.75" 15.75" 13.25" 13.25"                                                          13"                     13"                  13"                    11.75" 11.75"                          7.5"                    7.5"




        AL                      Aerated Livewell                                                TC      Premium Travel Cover                                                  CT	Complete Sport Top Set — Includes sport top, aluminum bows, bow
        PLP                     ProLong Plus Livewell                                           ST      Sport Top Set — Includes                                                  cover, walkway curtain, side curtains, and aft slant curtain (most models)
        PL                      ProLong Livewell                                                         top with aluminum bows                                               PCT	Premium Complete Top Set — Includes stainless steel bows, weather
                                                                                                BT       Bimini Top                                                                seal, bow cover, walkway curtain, side curtains, and aft slant curtain or aft
        L                       Lockable Rod Storage                                                                                                                               drop curtain



        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Lund | 73




lu.fa17_Standards_Options.indd 73                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    10/3/17 1:50 PM
     Specifications




                                                                                                                                                                                                           2000 Alaskan Tiller




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         1800 Alaskan Tiller




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     1600 Alaskan Tiller
                                                                                                                                                                     2000 Alaskan DC




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   1800 Alaskan DC
                                                                                                                                                                                        2000 Alaskan SS




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      1800 Alaskan SS




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 1600 Alaskan SS
                                                                                                                              1400 Fury Tiller
                                                                                        1600 Fury Tiller
                                                    1625 Fury Tiller




                                                                                                                                                  1750 Outfitter
                                                                                                              1400 Fury SS
                                                                        1600 Fury SS
                             PAGE NUMBER            39                   40              40                    40              40                  41                42                  42                 43                     42                  42                 43                     42                  43

                      Horsepower Maximum            50                   40              40                    30              30                  60               125                 125                125                     90                  90                 75                     75                  60

                            Centerline Length     16'3"                16'2"           16'2"                 14'9"           14'9"               17'7"              20'6"              20'6"              20'6"                  18'9"               18'9"              18'9"                  16'10"              16'10"

                                    Beam Width     80"                 73.5"           73.5"                 69.5"           69.5"                77"              90.5"               90.5"              90.5"                   83"                 83"                83"                    81"                 81"

                                    Stern Width    77"                 64.75" 64.75" 64.75" 64.75"                                                74"               85"                 85"                85"                    79"                 79"                79"                    79"                 79"

                              Amidship Depth      32.5"                30.5"           30.5"                 30.5"           30.5"                32"               35"                 35"                35"                    33"                 33"                33"                    33"                 33"

                                     Bow Depth     35"                 35.5"           35.5"                 35.5"           35.5"                33"               39"                 39"                39"                    36"                 36"                36"                    36"                 36"

                              Transom Height       20"                  20"             20"                   20"             20"                 20"               25"                 25"                20"                    20"                 20"                20"                    20"                 20"

       Standard Boat Weight (approx. lbs)          812                  565             520                   545             500                 805               1275               1200               1105                   1105                1030                975                    915                 860

                                Capacity (lbs)    1250                 1200            1200                  1080            1080                1400               2100               2100               2100                   1600                1600               1600                   1350                1350

                              Fuel Tank (gal.)      12                   —                —                    —                —                  22                29                  29                 29                     20                  20                 20                     20                  20

                         Persons (maximum)             5                   5                 5                   4                 4                  5                 7                   7                    7                     7                  7                    7                    6                   6

                                    Hull Design    IPS                  IPS             IPS                   IPS             IPS                TLVB               IPS                 IPS                IPS                    IPS                 IPS                IPS                    IPS                 IPS

               Thickness Freeboard/Bottom         .063/.08 .063/.08 .063/.08 .063/.08 .063/.08 .063/.1 .08/.1                                                                          .08/.1             .08/.1                 .08/.1              .08/.1             .08/.1                 .08/.1              .08/.1

                  Twin Hull Plate Thickness         —                    —                —                    —                —                 .18                —                    —                   —                      —                  —                   —                    —                   —

                                       Gunwale     DTG                  FBG             FBG                   FBG             FBG                 DTG               DTG                 DTG                DTG                    DTG                 DTG                DTG                    DTG                 DTG

                                          Seats   2 solid              2 solid         2 solid               2 solid         2 solid             3 solid           3 solid             3 solid            3 solid                2 solid             2 solid            2 solid                2 solid             2 solid

                                     Seat Bases        4                   4                 3                   3                 3                  4                 5                   5                    4                     5                  5                    4                    4                   3

                      Console (with steering)       —                  S(▲)               —                   S(▲)              —                   —              T(▲l H) S(▲l H)                           —                    T(▲)               S(▲)                  —                   S(▲)                  —

                                       Livewell     AL                   AL              AL                    AL              AL                  AL                AL                  AL                 AL                      AL                 AL                 AL                     AL                  AL

                                    Rod Storage       ✓                    ✓                ✓                    ✓                ✓                  ✓                 ✓                   ✓                    ✓                     ✓                  ✓                    ✓                    ✓                   ✓

                               Battery Holder      ✓2                      1                 1                   1                 1              ✓1                 ✓2                 ✓2                 ✓2                      ✓2                 ✓2                 ✓2                     ✓2                  ✓2

                              Canvas Top Set           l                 —                —                    —                —                   —              l STl CT             l BT               l BT                  l STl CT             l BT               l BT                   l BT                l BT

                                Cockpit Depth      20"                  21"             21"                   21"             21"                 20"              22.5"               22.5"              22.5"                   21"                 21"                21"                    21"                 21"

               Bow Casting Platform Depth          7.5"                13.5"           13.5"                 13.5"           13.5"                7.5"             14.75" 14.75" 14.75"                                              —                  —                  —                     —                   —




         SPECIFICATIONS LEGEND

         ✓      Standard Feature             IPS IPSTM Hull                                                PTG ProTrakTM Gunwale                                    AR AirRide Pedestal Seats                                                         H  Hydraulic Steering
         l      Optional Equipment           IPS2 IPSTM 2 Hull                                             DTG DualTrak™ Gunwale                                    B  Bike Seat                                                                      ◆  No-feedback Tilt Steering
                                             IPS3 IPSTM 3 Hull                                             FBG Fish Boat Gunwale                                    S  Side Console                                                                   ✚	No-feedback Steering with
                                             SVB Semi V-Hull                                                                                                        T	Twin Console with                                                                 Optional Tilt
                                             TLVB True Lund V-Hull                                                                                                     Walk-through Windshield                                                        ▲	No-feedback Steering


     74 | LUND                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          www.lundboats.com




lu.fa17_Standards_Options.indd 74                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           10/3/17 1:51 PM
                                                                                                                                                              Specifications




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              1660 Predator Tiller
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   1760 Predator Tiller
                                                                                                                                       2070 Predator Tiller




                                                                                                                                                                                                       1870 Predator Tiller
                                                                                               2070 Predator CC




                                                                                                                                                               1870 Predator CC




                                                                                                                                                                                                                               1760 Predator SS
                                                                                                                   2070 Predator SS




                                                                                                                                                                                   1870 Predator SS
                                     SSV-14
            SSV-18



                           SSV-16




                                                         WC-14
                                               WC-16




                                                                   WC-12



                                                                            A-14



                                                                                    A-12
             44            44        44        45        45        45        46     46        48                   49                  50                      48                  49                  50                      51                  51                         51

             60            40        35        25        25        15        15     10        150                 150                  90                      90                  90                  75                      75                  60                         50

           18'4"          16'2"     14'2"     16'2"     14'6"    12'1"     14'1"   12'1"     20'0"                20'0"               20'0"                   18'0"               18'0"               18'0"                   17'0"               17'0"                     16'0"

            76"            72"       70"       72"       69"      61"       61"     60"       96"                  96"                 96"                     96"                 96"                 96"                     85"                 85"                       85"

           70.5"          64.5"     64.5"      63"       63"      58"      51.5"   51.5"      96"                  96"                 96"                     96"                 96"                 96"                     85"                 85"                       85"

           28.5"          28.5"     28.5"     26.25"   26.25"     23"       21"     21"       27"                  27"                 27"                    26.5"               26.5"               26.5"                   25.5"               25.5"                     25.5"

            35"            35"       35"      29.5"    28.75" 25.625"      24.5"   24.5"     28.5"                28.5"               28.5"                   29.25"              29.25"              29.25"                  27.25"              27.25"                     27"

            20"          15"/20" 15"/20" 15"/20" 15"/20"          15"       15"     15"       20"                  20"                 20"                     20"                 20"                 20"                     20"                 20"                       20"

            460         340/350 285/295 325/335 285/295           205       194     164      1175                 1175                 994                    1008                1008                 953                     910                 787                       670

           1500          1100/1200 915/1020   1150      1000      700       785     645      1762                 1762                1900                    1478                1478                1574                    1228                1206                      1009

             —              —         —         —        —         —         —       —        20                   20                   —                      20                  20                   —                      20                   —                         —

              7            5/6        4         5         4         3        3       3            7                   7                    7                      7                   7                    6                      5                    5                          4

            IPS            IPS       IPS       SVB      SVB       SVB       SVB     SVB      Mod-V                Mod-V               Mod-V                   Mod-V               Mod-V               Mod-V                   Mod-V               Mod-V                     Mod-V

          .063/.1 .063/.08 .063/.063.063/.063.063/.063.063/.063.063/.063.063/.063            .1/.1                .1/.1               .1/.1                   .1/.1               .1/.1               .1/.1                   .1/.1               .1/.1                      .1/.1

             —              —         —         —        —         —         —       —         —                   —                    —                       —                   —                   —                       —                   —                         —

            FBG            FBG       FBG       FBG      FBG       FBG       FBG     FBG       PTG                 PTG                  PTG                     PTG                 PTG                 PTG                     PTG                 PTG                       PTG

         4 bench 4 bench 4 bench 5 bench 4 bench 4 bench 3 bench 3 bench                          2                   3                    1                      2                   3                    1                      3                    1                          1

             —              —         —         —        —         —         —       —            2                   2                    2                      2                   2                    2                      2                    2                          2

          l S(▲)          l S(▲)    l S(▲)      —        —         —         —       —           ✓                   ✓                  —                        ✓                   ✓                  —                        ✓                  —                         —

             —              —         —         —        —         —         —       —        AL                   AL                  AL                      AL                  AL                  AL                      AL                  AL                         AL

             —              —         —         —        —         —         —       —           ✓                   ✓                   ✓                       ✓                   ✓                   ✓                       ✓                   ✓                          ✓
              l              l         l        —        —         —         —       —        ✓2                   ✓2                  ✓2                      ✓2                  ✓2                  ✓2                      ✓2                  ✓2                        ✓2

             —              —         —         —        —         —         —       —         —                   —                    —                       —                   —                   —                       —                   —                         —

             —              —         —         —        —         —         —       —       21.5"                21.5"               23.75"                  21.5"               21.5"               23.75"                  20.5"               22.25"                    22.25"

             —              —         —         —        —         —         —       —        6.5"                6.5"                 6.5"                    6.5"                6.5"                6.5"                    5.5"                5.5"                      5.5"




        AL           Aerated Livewell            TC    Premium Travel Cover        CT	Complete Sport Top Set — Includes sport top, aluminum bows, bow
        PLP          ProLong Plus Livewell       ST    Sport Top Set — Includes        cover, walkway curtain, side curtains, and aft slant curtain (most models)
        PL           ProLong Livewell                   top with aluminum bows     PCT	Premium Complete Top Set — Includes stainless steel bows, weather
                                                 BT     Bimini Top                      seal, bow cover, walkway curtain, side curtains, and aft slant curtain or aft
        L            Lockable Rod Storage                                               drop curtain



        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Lund | 75




lu.fa17_Standards_Options.indd 75                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           10/3/17 1:53 PM
     Powerful Partners
                                                                                       Lund Gear

                                    Lund prides itself on delivering the most
                                    rugged and dependable boats in the
                                    fishing industry, so it’s no surprise that
                                    Lund teams up with Mercury® Marine to
                                    provide the solid and efficient power to
                                    get you there and back. Mercury is an
                                    industry leader in four-stroke and direct-
                                    injected two-stroke technology, and all of
                                    its engines run smoothly and responsively
                                    in any water conditions. Check out
                                    Mercury’s latest and greatest offerings
                                    here, and for more information, visit
                                    www.mercurymarine.com.

                                    OPTIMAX PRO XS
                                    Mercury’s OptiMax Pro XS outboards deliver
                                    unprecedented speed and acceleration to
                                    help you get to where the fish are biting—
                                    fast! Several qualities make the Pro XS the
                                    best-selling tournament outboard in the
                                    world. For starters, its two-stage direct-injec-
                                    tion system and high-tech carbon fiber reeds
                                    make for incredibly quick response and out-
                                    standing performance. The Pro XS also boasts
                                    higher open-throttle rpm for remarkable ac-
                                    celeration.

                                    SPITFIRE PROPELLER
                                    Mercury’s FourStroke outboards have a part-
                                    ner in crime: the Spitfire propeller. Four bold
                                    and uncompromising blades with high rake
                                    angles and extra cup give Mercury’s Four-
                                    Strokes greater acceleration without compro-
                                    mising top speed.

                                    150 FOURSTROKE
                                    The 150 FourStroke is the lightest, most
                                    versatile and most durable outboard in its
                                    power class. Its remarkably low maintenance
                                                                                       WEAR WITH PRIDE
                                                                                       You wouldn’t be caught in any boat but a Lund while
                                    and top-of-the-line fuel efficiency allow
                                                                                       fishing your favorite waters. Now you can further
                                    fishermen (and their families) to spend more
                                                                                       look the part of a hardcore angler, thanks to Lund’s
                                    time out on the water. Sleek and reliable, the
                                                                                       extensive line of apparel. Men, women and children
                                    150 FourStroke has everything you need.
                                                                                       can sport clothing with a range of Lund logos from
                                                                                       past to present and hats for sun protection. Show
                                                                                       your Lund pride along with the pros by visiting www.
                                                                                       lundboats.com and clicking on Gear.




     76 | LUND                                                                                                            www.lundboats.com




lu.fa17_Standards_Options.indd 76                                                                                                             10/3/17 10:00 AM
                                                                                                                                                 BOATING’S BEST
                                                                                                                                                 LIFETIME WARRANTY
                                                                                                                                                 Lund’s Lifetime Limited Warranty gives you the
                                                                                                                                                 best overall coverage available. From bow to
                                                                                                                                                 stern, gunwale to gunwale, your new Lund is
                                                                                                                                                 backed with a transferable* warranty—and
                                                                                                                                                 Lund’s promise that we’ll make sure any claims
                                                                                                                                                 are handled with speed, ease and our full sup-
                                                                                                                                                 port.

                                                                                                                                                 It’s because Lund boats are built so well that
                                                                                                                                                 we can afford to give you this superior warranty.
                                                                                                                                                 We don’t think you’ll need it; we have that much
                                                                                                                                                 confidence in our boats. But if you do need war-
                                                                                                                                                 ranty support, you can be sure you’ll have the
        HIGHER STANDARDS                                                          NOTES                                                          very best in the industry.
        Every Lund boat is built to meet or exceed rigorous                       Some photos of Lund boats in this catalog show fac-
        NMMA certification standards and Coast Guard regu-                        tory and/or dealer installed options. Photographs are          • Lifetime Warranty on double-riveted seams
        lations. But first, every Lund must pass the toughest                     taken under controlled conditions. Colors are subject             (Aluminum)
        test of all—our own standards for quality and crafts-                     to printing limitations and are approximations only.           • Lifetime Warranty on all plywood panels,
        manship.                                                                                                                                    related materials and labor (Aluminum)
                                                                                  Because Lund is dedicated to constant product                  • Lifetime Warranty against structural hull
                                                                                                                                                    defects (Fiberglass)
        RESALE VALUE                                                              improvements, the specifications, options, color
                                                                                                                                                 • Three-Year 100 Percent Bow-to-Stern Parts
        When you buy a Lund boat, you become part of the                          selections and model availabilities of our boats are
                                                                                                                                                    and Labor, some exclusions apply—ask your
        Lund family and part of our tradition of excellence.                      subject to change without notification.
                                                                                                                                                    Lund dealer for details
        When it comes time to sell your Lund boat, your in-                                                                                      • Transferable*
        vestment in Lund quality will be rewarded.                                ProTrak™ Cover Fastening System is patented
                                                                                    (Patent # 6,886,489)                                         Lund’s Three-Year Material and Workmanship
        LUND DEALERS                                                              Boat With Enhanced Access to Engine and Stern                  Warranty is transferable*—ask your Lund dealer
        Because we build the best boats on the water, we                            is patented (Patent # 6,935,266)                             for details.
        can afford to be selective with who sells them. When                      Boat With Recessed Shifter is patented
        you see the Lund sign hanging in the window, you                            (Patent # 6,971,328)                                         See dealer for full warranty details; standard
        know the dealer inside meets Lund’s strict standards                      Accessory Mounting System for a boat is patent                 exclusions apply.
        for customer satisfaction. Stop by any of our dealers,                      pending
        and you’ll see why they’ve earned the right to carry                      SportTrak™ Accessory Mounting System for a                     *Lifetime warranty on double-riveted seams,
        the Lund line.                                                              boat is patented (Patent # 7,341,231)                          plywood panel, and structural fiberglass hull
                                                                                                                                                   are non-transferable. Second owner receives
                                                                                                                                                   10-year pro-rated warranty.
        LUND PROFESSIONALS                                                        SPECIAL THANKS
        Without the dedicated efforts of the people at Lund                       Auger’s Pine View Resort, Lindner Media
        who build our boats and the professional anglers who                      Productions, Mercury Marine, MotorGuide,
        help design them, the Lund tradition of excellence                        Mr. Walleye Specialties, Plano Molding
        would not be possible. Thank you.                                         Company, Frabill, Gemini Sport Marketing.
                                                                                                                                                 Lund Boat Company        Lund Boats Canada, Inc.
                                                                                                                                                 318 West Gilman St.      98 PTH 52 West
                                                                                                                                                 P.O. Box 248             Steinbach, MB
                                                                                                                                                 New York Mills, MN       R5G 1Y1
                                                                                                                                                 56567
                                                                                                                                                 218-385-2235

             Please follow the rules of safe boating, take a boating safety course, be courteous to others and respect the marine environment.   Visit us at www.lundboats.com
                                        Lund, a Brunswick Company. ©2017 Lund Boat Company. Printed in the USA.                                  For clothing, visit www.lundboats.com/gear




lu.fa17_Standards_Options.indd 77                                                                                                                                                         10/3/17 10:00 AM
lu.sp16.boaterchoice.ad_Layout 1 10/6/17 9:35 AM Page 1




                             SECURE CHOICE




                          To truly relax and enjoy your time on the water, you need to be confident that
                          you have the right insurance. Boater ’s Choice is one of the most respected
                          names in boat insurance, offering broad coverage at competitive rates. And
                          you have our guarantee that should you have a claim, our professionals can
                          be reached 24/7 to assist you with prompt, professional, courteous service.

                                                               Exclusive Insurance Offer
                                                   Boater’s Choice is oﬀering $10,000 worth of personal eﬀects
                                                     coverage, including ﬁshing equipment, free of charge.*

                                                * Offer available only on OneBeacon Policies. Underwriting restrictions apply.




                                                    For a no obligation quote, give us a call today.
                                                                         800-768-2121
                                                             www.boaterschoiceinsurance.com
