                                                                 ®




                                      2019 lineup




                       Aluminum, fiberglass, pontoon and Jon Boats




lu.fa18_cover.indd 1                                                 9/20/18 3:01 PM
          PRESIDENT
             PRESIDENT’S NOTE
              Photo by Bill Lindner




                                                    To New Adventures
                                                    True to Lund’s heritage, we continue to build the                                                          ®
                                                    toughest and most versatile fishing boats on the
                                                    market. Our fishing focus runs deep and the Lund team                President, Lund Boats
                                                                                                                         Dirk Hyde
                                                    continues to innovate and create fishing layouts that improve
                                                                                                                         Marketing Director
                                                    fishability and performance. That said, we know that many of         Jason Oakes
                                                    our owners desire watersports and other recreational activities
                                                                                                                         Marketing Manager
                                                    as well. To better serve these loyal boaters, we’ve taken care       Tony Kolker
                                                    to expand our portfolio in recent years. At Lund, we create the      Product Marketing Specialist
                                                    ultimate fishing boat, with added sporting features.                 Kurt Fahlen


                                                    Nowhere is this more apparent than in the all-new Adventure
                                                    series. This dynamic boat caters as much to committed anglers
                                                    as it does to the family. You’ll find a host of fishing amenities
                                                                                                                         LUND
                                                                                                                         Magaz ine
                                                    such as the center rod locker, large livewell, rear casting area     President/Publisher
                                                    and a spacious cockpit area for a full day of fishing. There’s       Douglas Leik
                                                    also an optional ski tow pylon, top hider, rear jump seats           Account Executive
                                                    and abundant storage from bow to stern that make a day of            Annie Brown

                                                    recreation natural and easy. For those feeling extra ambitious,
                                                                                                                         Editorial Director
                                                    why not do both in one day? Read more about the new Adventure
                                                                                                                         Randy Hess
                                                    series on page 6 of the magazine and page 30 of the catalog.
                                                                                                                         Managing Editor
                                                                                                                         Amy Wideman
                                                    Based on the success of our LX pontoon series, we developed
                               Model year 2019      our new ZX pontoon series. The ZX series comes in three
                                                                                                                         Senior Editor
                                                                                                                         Elli Purtell
                                                    configurations—Walk-Thru (WT), Walk-Thru Dual Seating
                       promises to be another       (WTDS) and Fish & Cruise (LFC)—with innovative lounge
                                                                                                                         Editor At Large
                                                                                                                         Jennifer Chesak

                                                    seating across the board and a fishing station and rod locker for    Editor At Large
                            great year at Lund      the LFC model. A host of optional packages make this pontoon
                                                                                                                         Alexa Poteet

                                                    a versatile performer. Choose from the three-tube performance
                               and, as always,      package, luxury package, lighting package, fishing package and       Creative Director
                                                                                                                         Russell Duncan
                                                    more. Discover the ZX Series on page 50 of the catalog.
                              we’re immensely                                                                            Digital Creative Director
                                                                                                                         Kraig Devenport
                                                    We’re also thrilled to place the spotlight this issue on a handful
                           appreciative of our      of our women anglers who are contributing exceptional things
                                                                                                                         Art Director
                                                                                                                         Justin Goode
                                                    to fishing and this profession. On page 8 of the magazine you’ll
                       loyal owners who make        meet Nancy Koep, a bait-and-tackle store owner; Brenda Picht
                                                                                                                         Photographers
                                                                                                                         Bill Lindner, Scott Pederson

                                                    and Katie Hansen, Lund Pro Staff members; and Mandy Uhrich
                        it all possible. Just as    of the Minnesota DNR. These incredible women tell us about
                                                    themselves, their careers and what makes the sport of fishing
                       you inspire us, we hope      so special.
                                                                                                                         Lund magazine is published
                          our products inspire      Model year 2019 promises to be another great year at Lund and,       every year for Lund Boats,
                                                                                                                         by Dino Publishing LLC. Any
                                                    as always, we’re immensely appreciative of our loyal owners
                       you to live your best life   who make it all possible. Just as you inspire us, we hope our
                                                                                                                         correspondence should be directed to:
                                                                                                                         Dino Publishing,
                                                                                                                         350 W. Hubbard St, Suite 400
                                                    products inspire you to live your best life on the water.
                                  on the water.                                                                          Chicago, IL 60654
                                                                                                                         Tel: 312-822-9266
                                                    And when you’re not on the water, we invite you to stay              Fax: 312-822-9268
                                                                                                                         email: dleik@dinopublishing.com
                                                    connected with Lund by following us on YouTube, Facebook
                                                    and Instagram.
                                                                                                                         The opinions expressed in this magazine are
                                                                                                                         not to be considered official expressions of
                                                                                                                         Dino Publishing or Lund Boats. The publisher
                                                                                                                         reserves the right to accept or reject all
                                                    Dirk Hyde                                                            editorial or advertising matter. The publisher
                                                                                                                         assumes no responsibility for unsolicited
                                                    President, Lund Boats                                                manuscripts, photographs, or artwork.
                                                                                                                         Reproduction in whole or in part of any
                                                                                                                         text, photograph, or illustration without prior
                                                                                                                         written permission from the publisher is
                                                                                                                         strictly prohibited. Printed in U.S.A.

                                                                                                                         Copyright © 2018 Lund Boats.




lu.fa18.prezB.indd 2                                                                                                                                         9/24/18 2:07 PM
                                                                        CONTENTS
                                                                        TABLE OF CONTENTS
                                                                        MODEL YEAR 2019 | VOLUME 10




                                                                         DEPARTMENTS

                                                                         02 First Cast
                                                                             Ultimate Fishing Camp
                                                                             returns, winterize your
                                                                             Lund, a super-fast reel
                                                                             and more.

                                                                         06 Legendary Lund
                                                                             The all-new Adventure
                                                                             series brings versatility to
                                                                             the water for anglers who


                                                                                                            06
                                                                             also enjoy cruising with
                                                                             the family.




                                                                08
                FEATURE
                08 Field Notes From Lund's
                   Female Pro Staff
                     Four women anglers discuss their love for
                     fishing and their push to pass it on to the next
                     generation.




                                    On the cover:
                        The 2075 Pro Guide has everything a
                     serious fisherman or tournament angler
                     could want in an aluminum fishing boat.




                                                                        02
                                    Photo by Scott Pederson.




lu.fa18.TOC.indd 1                                                                                               9/28/18 4:39 PM
           FIRST
           CAST
             Gear, news and ideas to deliver the
             ultimate fishing experience.




             Ultimate Success
             Photo courtesy of RAWfish Creative Group
             With every year, the Ultimate Fishing Camp only gets better. The third-annual event, put on by
             Lund Boats, Leisure Outdoor Adventures and Chase on the Lake Resort, took place June 24-28,
             2018, on the shores of Leech Lake in Walker, Minnesota. Registration for the popular camp filled
             up within three-and-a-half weeks, and 20 participants from all over the Midwest came to Leech
             Lake for three days of on-water seminars and practice with Lund Pro Staff members. The seminars
             covered trolling set-ups and techniques, use of reaction-style baits for walleyes, tips for musky
             and pike fishing, as well as an array of topics based on participants’ questions and needs. Evening
             sessions covered electronics, knot tying, use of new lures and baits, and how to tie spinner rigs.
             The pro instruction paid off in a big way, with participants catching many walleye and bass. Ward
             Simon of Stillwater, Minnesota, recorded the biggest catch of the weekend, hauling in a 47-inch
             musky. When not learning or fishing, participants enjoyed socializing over delicious meals, in-
             cluding a shore lunch fish fry that capped off the event.
                 “You really can’t beat an event that features exceptional food, lodging and learning from the
             best,” says Jason Freed of Leisure Outdoor Adventures. “This event brings like-minded fishermen
             together for a few days of doing what they love and improving their skillset.”

             Visit leisureoutdooradventures.com/ultimatefishingcamp2017 to learn more. The Ultimate Fishing Camp 2019 will take place June 23-26.



      2 | LUND                                                                                                                     www.lundboats.com




lu.fa18_FirstCast.indd 2                                                                                                                            9/28/18 4:43 PM
                           Winterizing
                           FOR THE WIN
                           As you prepare to bundle up for the winter months,
                           make sure your Lund’s gasoline is just as well
                           protected. ValvTect X-Tended Protection + Gasoline
                           Treatment (XP+), a multi-functional, premium-
                           grade gasoline treatment, keeps gasoline in prime
                           condition until the first thaw and beyond, thanks to
                           refinery chemicals specially formulated to improve
                           gasoline performance in marine engines. Whether
                           your gasoline contains ethanol (E10) or not (E0), is




                                                                                    REEL
                           used every day or occasionally, or is in storage for a
                           year or longer, XP+ ensures your engine is ready to
                           start. XP+ contains ValvTect’s stabilizer, combined
                           with proprietary corrosion inhibitor to stop any
                           corrosion possibilities, water dispersant to remove




                                                                                    FAST
                           controlled amounts of water, and a combination
                           of specially developed gasoline detergents to help
                           clean up carbon deposits and prevent octane loss.


                           “XP+ helps your engine work at its best performance
                           level, preventing gasoline from breaking down and
                           ‘aging,’ which causes hard starting and increased
                           maintenance costs,” says Marvin Griffin, president       Lund owners expect the absolute best when it
                           of ValvTect Petroleum Products. “You’ll be ready         comes to fishing products and gear, and Abu
                           to focus on the fish at the first moment of spring       Garcia®’s Revo® Rocket fishing reel lives up to
                           launch.” Available at marinas and marine dealers         this extremely high standard. The Revo Rocket
                                          nationwide. Visit valvtect.com.
                                                                                    features an industry-leading 10.1:1 rocket gear
                                                                                    ratio, delivering 41 inches of line per turn. This
                                                                                    unheard-of speed gives anglers all the power and
                                                                                    control they need to win their next battle. “I’m able
                                                                                    to reel my bait back to me with 2-to-3 turns of the
                                                                                    handle,” says Hunter Shryock, an Abu Garcia pro.
                                                                                    “Throughout the day, I’m going to be presenting
                                                                                    the bait to more fish. This 10.1:1 is a game-changer.”
                                                                                    In addition to breakneck speed, the Revo Rocket
                                                                                    features oversized EVA handle knobs, 10 stainless
                                                                                    steel HPCR bearings and an Abu Garcia Infini™
                                                                                    brake system. Visit abugarcia.com to learn more
                                                                                    about the Revo Rocket.




         www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                   LUND | 3




lu.fa18_FirstCast.indd 3                                                                                                                       9/28/18 4:33 PM
           FIRST
           CAST
                                                                           GEAR UP
             Gear, news and ideas to deliver the
             ultimate fishing experience.



                                                                     Stock up on Lund gear so you’re ready for the cooler
                                                                     temperatures of fall and stocked up for next fishing
                                                                     season. Dozens of new shirts, hats, sweatshirts,
                                                                     accessories and more proudly display the Lund name
                                                                     while keeping you comfortable on the water. The blue
                                                                     fleece sweatshirt is ideal for brisk fall evenings and chilly
                                                                     mornings. On sunny days, opt for any of Lund’s hats,
                                                                     including the Contrast Bill Hat in maroon, new for 2019.



                                                                              TO VIEW ALL OF THE LATEST LUND GEAR,
                                                                                               VISIT LUNDBOATS.COM.




                 RIGHT
                 COVERAGE
                 Fishing outings aren’t always as simple as
                 hopping onboard your boat with a rod in hand.
                 Boater’s Choice understands this, offering
                 comprehensive coverage for all the things you
                 need to reel in your next catch: your beloved
                 Lund, fishing rods, tackle, fishfinders, gear
                 and other technology. Find the right plan for
                 your needs, such as one that pays the agreed
                 value on total loss with no depreciation and a
                 separate deductible for onboard electronics.
                 Then get out on the water and savor the simple
                 solitude with complete assurance that you’re
                 protected when you need it. Boater’s Choice
                 representatives are available to assist you 24/7.
                 Get a no-obligation quote today by visiting
                 boaterschoiceinsurance.com.




      4 | LUND                                                                                                    www.lundboats.com




lu.fa18_FirstCast.indd 4                                                                                                             9/28/18 4:38 PM
lu.fa17.ad.indd 5   10/3/17 10:51 AM
          LEGENDARY LUND
             LEGENDARY LUND
              Story by Elli Thompson Purtell | Photos by Scott Pederson




                  Choose Your
                  Own Adventure
                  The all-new Adventure series is equally equipped for a full day
                  of fishing and a full day of recreation




                ADVENTURE MEANS SOMETHING DIFFERENT TO EVERYONE. For some, it’s heading                           Beyond the serious fishing features, the Adventure
                into uncharted territory, braving inclement weather and rough chop to pursue the fish. For        series caters to other activities, as well. An integrated
                others, it’s getting the whole family together on the water and seeing how the day unfolds.       boarding ladder makes entry and exit from the water
                No matter what adventure looks like in the details, however, it always involves thrill,           a breeze, and LED lighting in the bow and cockpit
                excitement and memories. The all-new Adventure series from Lund pays tribute to that              add on-water ambiance when the sun begins to set.
                spirit, with built-in versatility and reliability that makes any item on the agenda possible.     Opt for a ski pylon on the SS and Sport versions for
                    “The Adventure series puts versatility front and center,” says Rory Wiebe, product            watersports fun, and choose the optional bow cushions
                manager for Lund. “No matter the species you choose to pursue, who you choose to bring            on the Sport for additional lounge versatility. The
                with you on the water or how you choose to spend your time, the Adventure makes it happen,        starboard console on the SS and Sport versions makes
                all with Lund’s trademark durability.”                                                            navigating easy and enjoyable, with tach and gauges
                    The Adventure comes in two sizes—1675 and 1775—with Tiller, Side Console (SS) and             and a switch panel within easy reach.
                Sport (full windshield) layouts on the 1675, and side console and sport layouts on the 1775.           “Anglers can take the Adventure out for a long day
                Each version features a deep-V hull and a spacious layout with room for the whole family.         of fishing, followed by cruising or water-skiing with the
                The 1675 Tiller comes with two swivel chairs, and the SS and Sport come with two swivel           family the next day,” Rory says. “Or you can do it all in
                chairs and two aft jump seats. On the larger 1775 size, the SS and Sport feature two swivel       one day! Versatility is so important to fishermen and
                chairs and two aft jump seats.                                                                    families, and this boat delivers it with confidence.”
                    Every size and configuration makes storage a priority, with compartments lining the boat           The Adventure features standard colors of Red,
                from bow to stern. This includes massive in-floor bow storage, bulkhead storage, and port         White, Black and Blue, and an optional Grey. The
                and starboard compartments. With fishing at its core, the Adventure comes outfitted with          1675 Tiller has a max horsepower rating of 60, while
                the amenities to make catching and keeping fish effortless. A center rod locker holds an          the SS and Sport are at 90. The 1775 SS has a max
                impressive five rods up to 7 feet, and five more up to 7 feet, 5 inches. The Tiller command       horsepower rating of 90, and the Sport is at 115.
                console also features tucked-away tackle and tool storage. A large aft livewell is positioned
                in the aft deck of all model configurations. The Tiller version is 16 gallons and 37 inches and   To learn more about the all-new Adventure series, turn
                includes a baitwell; the Sport and SS version is 23 gallons and 37 inches.                        to page 30 of the catalog.




      6 | LUND                                                                                                                                   www.lundboats.com




lu.fa18.legendary_lund.indd 6                                                                                                                                        9/28/18 12:07 PM
ND




                 The Adventure series comes in two sizes and
                  two configurations, with a variety of fishing
                 amenities and recreation options, so you can
                 choose how you spend your day on the water.




     lu.fa18.legendary_lund.indd 7                                9/26/18 9:59 AM
                                                F R O M L u n d’s



                                         Clockwise from top right:
                            Mandy Uhrich, Katie Hansen, Brenda Picht, Nancy Koep




lu.fa18.women-REV1.indd 8                                                          9/28/18 11:32 AM
                                     F R O M L u n d’s




                                 F RF OR OMM LLuun nd’sd’s
                               F R O M L u n d’s
                            These outdoorswomen know their
                                  F R O M L u n d’s
                             stuff, and they want other gals
                                 to getF in
                                         R O on
                                             M L the
                                                 u n d’sgame.




lu.fa18.women-REV1.indd 9                                       9/28/18 11:32 AM
                      At an early age, somewhere deep in Lund country,
                      these four women held a fishing rod in hand, and                                           must really love and trust you to let you take
                                                                                                                 his boat.’ I replied, ‘This is my boat, and I am
                      their lives changed forever. Now their collective                                          not married!’ The pontoon full of young gentle-

                      mission is to inspire and empower other women to                                           men directly in front of me immediately
                                                                                                                 exploded with the guys standing up and shout-
                      enjoy the fishing lifestyle to its full extent.                                            ing to me, ‘Marry me, marry me!’”
                                                                                                                   Those fellas didn’t even know the best part:
                       MANDY UHRICH                                                                              Mandy fishes out of a boat that came to fruition
                       “I have always been little in stature,” says Mandy Uhrich, a Lund Pro Staff member        with her help. “I can honestly say my greatest
                       sponsored by Staples Sports in Lincoln, Minnesota. “Maybe I can’t stand eye to eye        honor was being able to provide input on the
                       with everyone, but I can sure fish with them. I want every child and woman to find        Pro-V Bass boat,” she explains.
                       their inner power.”
                          Mandy lives in Brainard, Minnesota, and fishes out of a Lund 2075 Pro-V Bass XS        NANCY KOEP
                       and also an 1875 Pro-V Bass. She was raised in Grand Forks, North Dakota, but grew        “When you catch your fish, big or small, it’s the
                       her fishing expertise in the family Lund on the big waters of Devils Lake with her fa-    satisfaction of being able to do it yourself,” says
                       ther. He passed away last year, and she credits him with helping her hone her passion.    Nancy Koep, a Lund Pro Staff member spon-
                       “My dad taught me that if people had a vested interest in anything to do with the         sored by Ray’s Sport & Marine in Alexandria,
                       outdoors they were more likely to care and preserve that resource for their families      Minnesota. “It gives you a great feeling of inde-
                       and future generations,” she says.                                                        pendence.”
                          In addition to being an avid angler (and hunter), Mandy is the habitat program            Nancy is the manager of Koep’s Glenwood
                       administrator for fish and wildlife at Minnesota’s Department of Natural Resources.       Corner, a convenience store that’s also a bait-
                       As an angling aficionado, she’s also featured on multiple fishing TV and radio shows,     and-tackle shop and deli in Glenwood,
                       including the Brainerd Outdoor Radio Show on KBLB. And she co-hosts Lakeland              Minnesota. Her parents opened the store after
                       Fishing Tips with Ray Gildow on Lakeland PBS.                                             selling Koep’s Clitherall Corner in Clitherall,
                          Mandy is a prolific fishing educator, conducting seminars locally and abroad. And      Minnesota, and co-owning Urbank Bait Com-
                       one of the roles she is most proud of is that of volunteer instructor for Becoming an     pany with Nancy’s grandfather and uncles. In
                       Outdoor Woman. For BOW, she teaches girls and women of all ages the basics of             addition to being in the bait business, Nancy’s
                       tackle and tactics. “I will continue until my very last day and my last cast in life to   parents once owned Spitzer Lake Resort, where
                       introduce women to fishing,” Mandy says, and she’s glad to have Lund Boats in her         Nancy said her love for fishing was born. Once
                       corner. “Lund backs me in my pursuit to recruit, retain and empower women and             she finished her chores on the property, she was
                       children in the sport of fishing and in the outdoors through multiple platforms.”         allowed to take a boat out and catch bullheads.
                          Mandy says there is no gender gap in fishing. And she’s living, breathing, fishing        She’s been schooled in the intricacies of bait
                                        proof of that. She fishes an average of 30 tournaments a year and        and tackle all her life. “I started working there




————
                                        has nabbed 31 wins and 75 top-five finishes over the last eight years.   when I was 13 years old, stocking coolers, boxing
                                           She tells the story of fishing a tournament on a day that was also    leeches, scooping minnows, marking tackle and
                                         busy for recreational boaters. “As a boat passed me going the other     running the tills,” she says of the Clitherall shop.
                                         direction,” she recalls, “the guy yelled at me, ‘Boy your husband          Now, after managing the Glenwood store for




     10 | LUND                                                                                                                             www.lundboats.com




lu.fa18.women-REV1.indd 10                                                                                                                                      9/28/18 12:09 PM
        20 years, Nancy still loves what she does. “The
        customers are what make my business so fun,”
        she says. “Not many people get to talk fishing
        all day at work.” Plus, she loves to see the




                                                            ———
        stunned expressions on people’s faces when
        they suddenly recognize her fishing celeb sta-
        tus. “Many guys will walk in, look at me, look
        again, then finally ask, ‘Are you the girl on the
        Fish Addictions TV show?’” she says.
           As a bait-and-tackle guru, one of the many
        things Nancy likes about her Lund 1875 Pro-V is
        its ability to hold whatever gear she wants. “I
        love all the storage my Lund Boat gives me: three
        big compartments on the bow, side compart-
        ments, plus drawers underneath both consoles.”
           For anyone looking to get into the sport,
        Nancy has some practical advice: “It’s impor-
        tant to know you don’t need the most expensive
        boat or 50 tackle boxes to catch fish. Start with
        your basics and work up from there. If you
        don’t have a boat and can’t afford one, fishing
        from shore can be very rewarding.”
           Nancy enjoys passing along her expertise, es-
        pecially to veterans, kids and women, through
        guiding services. “Enjoying conversation and lis-
        tening to their life stories are memories I will
        never forget,” she says. “Many have touched my
        life in so many ways.”


           “Lund backs me in my pursuit to
                recruit, retain and empower
           women and children in the sport




——
                 of fishing through multiple
             platforms.” — Mandy Uhrich




                                                               (Opposite page) Mandy and Nancy show off
                                                               their catches (This page) Mandy takes the
                                                               helm of her Lund 2075 Pro-V Bass XS



        www.lundboats.com                                   www.lundboats.com                              LUND | 11




lu.fa18.women-REV1.indd 11                                                                                   9/28/18 12:09 PM
————
              “I believe every tournament is a win when you learn something new. Each new
              day that I am on the water, I strive to learn something.” — Brenda Picht

                                                     BRENDA PICHT                                          KATIE HANSEN
                                                     “Lund Pro Staff was something I wanted to be          “When I was a kid, I did not even know the word
                                                     since I first learned what it represented,” says      ‘boat’ existed,” says Katie Hansen, a Lund Pro
                                                     Brenda Picht, who is sponsored by Ray’s Sport &       Staff member, sponsored by Dave’s Marine in
                                                     Marine in Grand Rapids, Minnesota. “I wanted to       Webster, South Dakota. “I would always see a
                                                     be an influencer in this big world of fishing and     boat and say ‘Lund.’”
                                                     hoped that I could encourage other women to              That’s because Katie’s father guided out of a
                                                     reach further as well.”                               Lund, and her grandfather owned one, too. She
                                                        Brenda, who works as the account manager at        just didn’t know anything else. Now that she’s a
                                                     Arrowhead Promotions & Fulfillment, grew up           boat owner herself, she’s stuck with the brand—
                                                     fishing and camping her way through the Land of       but not just for the sake of tradition. “Lund
                                                     10,000 Lakes. Now she carries on the same adven-      boats are designed with anglers in mind,” Katie
                                                     tures with her husband. “Every weekend we are         says. “They’re not just thrown together on an as-
                                                     either taking friends and family fishing, pre-fish-   sembly line. Each one is made painstakingly
                                                     ing, participating in a tournament or captaining      with love to get it perfect.”
                                                     for a high school team for one of their tourna-          Katie grew up on Alexandria’s Lake Le Homme
                                                     ments,” she says.                                     Dieu and remembers collecting her own worms for
                                                        Brenda has been competing in tourneys for          fishing off the dock. And while other kids reserved




——
                                                     about 20 years, with 10 of those years spent on a     their autograph books for musicians, Katie took
                                                     team with her husband. Currently, they fish out       hers to the bait shop, hoping for a chance to meet
                                                     of a Lund 2025 Impact XS. “They just become a         greats like the Lindner brothers. Back then Harry
                                                               part of your family,” she says of the       Bemo was her neighbor, and LeRoy Ras was a
                                                                Lund boats she’s owned over the years.     friend of her dad. Both men are Minnesota fishing
                                                                “And you feel sad when you sell one and    hall-of-famers today, and Katie says she grew up
                                                                move on to the next. We still have the     with “fishing royalty” in her backyard.
                                                                 next owners as friends now, and that         Katie lives in Watertown, South Dakota,
                                                                 just goes to show how Lund Boats          where she works as a radio host for KXLG. She’s
                                                                 keeps adding to the family!”              on the air Monday through Friday, and then on
                                                                    So far, the highlight of Brenda’s      Saturdays she hosts Fishing Tips & Techniques,
                                                                  tournament career has been fishing       in which she interviews expert anglers and fish-
                                                                  the Cabela’s Masters Walley Circuit      ing celebrities. Her vast knowledge of the sport
                                                                   World Walleye Championship in           and her experience fishing out of a Lund 189
                                                                   2017. But for her, any moment fish-     Pro-V GL all over the Dakotas and Minnesota
                                                     ing is one to cherish. “I believe every tournament    has led to other fishing show hosts inviting her
                                                     is a win when you learn something new,” she           for guest appearances.
                                                     says. “Each new day that I am on the water, I            Although serious about the sport, Katie says
                                                     strive to learn something, whether it be a new        catching fish is the bonus of any day on the boat.
                                                     area or new technique or manipulating an old one      Sometimes, she says, fishing is simply a great
                                                     to make it work that day.”                            way to spend time with the ones you love—add-
                                                        One of the most important fishing skills           ing in a dose of friendly competition, of course.
                                                     Brenda encourages everyone to learn is how to         She, her sister and her niece often create a DIY
                                                     trailer the boat, launch it and drive it solo. “The   three-day tournament in which they fish multiple
                                                     world is wide open once you master these, and it      lakes. What strikes her is that she rarely sees
                                                     makes you feel very accomplished,” she says.          other women out enjoying such camaraderie with
                                                     “Our culture has always been that the men do          one another on the lake, and she doesn’t want
       (From top to bottom) Brenda Picht lands       these things. Not in my world! This is a family       them to miss out. She hopes for that to be the
       a sizable walleye; Katie Hansen shoes         sport, and we all are equally capable of accom-       norm someday. “Women need to have their own
       granddaughter Freida the ways of an angler;
                                                     plishing these tasks.”                                fishing trip,” she says. “Just go have fun.”
       Katie shows off her catch.



     12 | LUND                                                                                                                      www.lundboats.com




lu.fa18.women-REV1.indd 12                                                                                                                              9/28/18 12:09 PM
                          2019
                          ALuminum, fiberglass, pontoon And Jon Boats catalog




lu.fa17.ca_cover.indd 1                                                         9/20/18 2:48 PM
                       FISHING AT ITS FINEST.
                       Before our boats leave the factory, before they ever touch water, we mark them with Lund’s name across the side. For
                       us, the mark isn’t a matter of decoration. It’s a symbol that recognizes a heritage of superior construction and unbeat-
                       able performance. Because from a distance, you might not be able to distinguish the IPS™ hull or the power strake
                       design, but you can see four letters across the side—four letters that represent 70 years of quality craftsmanship
                       by fishermen, for fishermen.
                       The next time you’re in a secluded cove with a line in the water, look at that mark on the side of your boat and know you’re
                       not just in a fishing boat. You’re in a Lund.




lu.fa18_Intro.indd 2                                                                                                                                  9/21/18 2:21 PM
                       Contents
                       02 Superior Construction
                       04 Lund Technology
                       07 Pro-V
                       14 Baron
                       15 Tyee
                       20 Crossover
                       21 Sport Angler
                       22 Impact
                       27 Pro Guide
                       29 Renegade
                       30 Adventure
                       35 Rebel
                       36 Fury
                       39 Outfitter
                       40 Alaskan
                       42 SSV
                       43 WC
                       44 A
                       45 Jon Boats
                       46 Predator
                       50 ZX Pontoons
                       53 LX Pontoons
                       58 ZX Overheads,
                          Options & Accessories
                       62 LX Overheads,
                          Options & Accessories
                       65 SportTrak
                       66 Options & Accessories
                       71 Colors
                       72 Fiberglass Features & Options
                       72 Fiberglass Colors
                       73 Standard & Optional Equipment
                       76 Mercury Engines
                       76 Lund Gear
                       77 Warranty




lu.fa18_Intro.indd 1                                9/26/18 3:12 PM
      Two Hulls, One Tradition
                       Lund’s hulls are made from fiberglass and aluminum—two
                       very different materials. But our hulls aren’t defined by raw
                       material. They’re defined by tradition, quality craftsmanship
                       and meticulous standards. Because how the boat is made is
                       just as important as what it’s made from.

                       Both our aluminum and fiberglass hulls are derived from the same innovative
                       design—Lund’s IPS™, IPS™2 and IPS™3 (Integrated Power Strake) technology.
                       We’ve developed a construction process that incorporates the same industry-
                       leading design into every hull that comes off the line.
                           Our aluminum and fiberglass hulls expand your possibilities and offer a
                       customizable experience. We take pride knowing that whatever material you
                       choose—whether it’s the smooth and sleek fiberglass or rugged aluminum—you’re
                       still in a Lund.




      2 | LUND                                                                  www.lundboats.com




lu.fa18_Intro.indd 2                                                                             9/26/18 10:20 AM
                                           FIBERGLASS
                                           The smooth finish and sleek coloration on Lund’s
                                           fiberglass boats come from precision molds developed
                                           at Lund. But beyond the distinctive fiberglass look, the
                                           molds also serve to ensure consistency in performance
                                           and durability in every fiberglass hull that comes off the
                                           line. True straightness within the composite fiberglass
                                           structure is guaranteed because the molds themselves
                                           have been optimized from the outset.




                                           ALUMINUM
                                           Lund’s aluminum hulls aren’t just built to perform at the
                                           highest level. They are built to maintain that unmatched
                                           handling through years of hard use. That starts by
                                           using the most durable raw aluminum in the industry.
                                           From there, our employees use cutting-edge shaping
                                           techniques to hand-piece together the IPS™ and IPS™ 2
                                           hulls on every Lund (excluding the Predator). A boat may
                                           look similar in the showroom, but it’s what is under the
                                           floor that makes a Lund stand apart.




            Captain’s Comforts
                                 1. TYEE/TYEE MAGNUM/BARON: COMMAND CONSOLE Tyee, Tyee
                                 Magnum and Baron series will amaze anglers with a fantastic set of
                                 features—for both fishing and comfort. The command console offers
                                 distinct style and an ergonomic layout where everything is closer at hand.
                                 2. ADVENTURE: HELM Anglers have everything at their disposal when at
                                 the helm of the 1775/1675 Adventure. For starters, clear, easy-to-read
                                 gauges make it effortless to check fuel, tach and speed while underway.
                                 Helm toggles are right within reach, as is a spacious and protective
          1                2     phone holder.




       www.lundboats.com                                                                             LUND | 3




lu.fa18_Intro.indd 3                                                                                    9/26/18 10:21 AM
            Smooth Operator

            Sometimes you’re only as good as the boat you fish in. If you
            can’t maintain your position while fishing, your chances for hook-
            ing that fish of a lifetime decrease significantly. Thankfully,
            Lund boats have been meticulously engineered and constructed
            to deliver unmatched control that allows you to outperform the
            competition every time.
                At the core of it all is Lund’s exclusive IPS™ (Integrated
            Power Strake), IPS™2 and IPS™3 hull designs. The IPS system
            utilizes a pronounced center keel that helps maintain ultimate
            boat control. At the back of the hull, water hits a flat pad,
            which greatly reduces churn. The non-turbulent water creates
            less motor strain and, ultimately, delivers better performance.
                Wide reverse chines allow for precise cornering maneuvers
            and overall better control. They allow the boat to get on plane
            quicker and improve holeshot, as well. Finally, a wider foot-
            print enhances onboard stability.
                IPS integrates all of these features into a cohesive system
            that provides anglers with better backtrolling, superior drift
            control and more precise boat positioning. Simply put, Lund
            boats deliver a better, faster, higher, smoother and drier ride.


                                                                                            1875 Pro-V Bass shown




                                                                                 1 Lund Boats track like a train
                                                                                 on rails, when trolling forward or
                                                                                 backward, to maintain your desired
                                                                                 position at any time. 2 Additional
                                                                                 strakes on the IPS™2 hull provide
                                                                                 more control to enhance tracking
                                                                                 ability and give you the competi-
                                                                                 tive advantage. 3 Reverse chines
                                                                                 add an additional dimension to
                                                                                 boat control. They not only provide
                                                                                 added stability, but also additional
                                                                                 edges to cut water and stay on top
                                                                                 of the fish. 4 Lund’s pronounced
                                                                                 center keel works to eliminate
                                                                                 cross drift, making it easy to stay
                                                                                 in complete control and reduce
                                                                                 battery and human fatigue.




      4 | LUND                                                                                 www.lundboats.com




lu.fa18_Intro.indd 4                                                                                                9/26/18 10:23 AM
            Superior Flotation
            Lund engineers strive to design hulls that can endure the most extreme
            conditions. One of those extremes? A hull riddled with dozens
            of gaping holes—66 to be exact. The engineers gouged into the
            aluminum around the entire frame of their “holey” boat and launched
            it onto the water. The boat not only stayed afloat, it maintained
            stability and performance at high speeds when on plane, allowing the
            engineers to safely return to land with little more than damp shoes.
                The secret to Lund’s superior flotation, even when taking on
            water, is strategically injected foam that meets and exceeds Coast
            Guard regulations. The buoyant material lining the inside of the hull
            ensures superior stability and flotation under extreme stress. For more
            information on Lund’s flotation compliance process and to see videos
            of the “holey” boat, visit www.lundboats.com.




         www.lundboats.com                                                            LUND | 5




lu.fa18_Intro.indd 5                                                                   9/26/18 10:23 AM
         A Job Well Done
                            Lund’s pioneering work with livewells keeps
                            your catch healthier and less prone to stress
                                        1. P R O L O N G P L U S T h e e n v y o f t h e
                                        industry and the most technologically
                                        advanced system to ever hit the water,
                                        the ProLong Plus is designed with a freshwater
                                        pickup integrated into the bottom of the
                                        hull, where it forces a steady flow of water
                                        into the livewell while the boat is running.
                                        2. PROLONG This two-pump design keeps
                                        water fresher and fish calmer than any other
                                        in the industry. One pump fills and aerates
                                        the well from above the fish, while the other
                                        recirculates and injects fresh air via the
                                        Max-Air system for maximum oxygenation.
                                        3. AERATED Lund’s high-quality aerated
                                        livewell features a single pump with a single-
                                        switch control. You also have the option
                                        of running the aerator pump continuously
                                        in manual mode, or intermittently in
                                        automatic mode when the model is equipped
         1. PROLONG PLUS
                                        with a timer.




           2. PROLONG      3. AERATED



      6 | LUND                                                  www.lundboats.com




lu.fa18_Intro.indd 6                                                               9/26/18 10:25 AM
                                                                                                                                                                     PRO-V
                                                                                                                                                                      IFS

                                                                                                                                                                2175 / 2075




            AWC                                         Boats may show factory and/
                                                        or dealer installed options.
                                                        Please see dealer for details.




         1                                     2




         3                                     4
        1. Side tackle tray storage holds
        up to 14 trays (2175 shown)
        2. Optional ski pylon 3. The sleek
        command console is available
        with gauges or optional glass dash
        4. In-deck rod storage with room for
        15 rods: (5) 9', (5) 8'6", (5) 7'11"
        5. Optional aft deck extension
                                               5


                                                                                                                                   SPECIFICATIONS
                                    Maximum        Maximun            Transom                         Livewell            Maximum
           Length      Beam                                                              Fuel                                                   Seats
                                      HP           Capacity            Height                         Systems            Rod Storage
            21'10"      102"           350         2,200 lb               25"            65 gal    Bow 27"/12 gal            10'                 4            2175
                                                   7 people                                         Aft 51"/25 gal

            20'10"      102"           300         2,100 lb               25"            62 gal    Bow 27"/12 gal            9'                  4            2075
                                                   7 people                                         Aft 51"/25 gal
                                                                                                                                                                       2175   2075
                                                                                         Storage   Livewell   Baitwell    Seats    Seat Bases     Fuel Tank
        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                     Lund | 7




lu.fa18_ProV.indd 7                                                                                                                                                           9/28/18 11:14 AM
                PRO-V GL
                      219 / 202




                                                                                                                   Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                                     or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                                   Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                                     1                                   2




                                                                                                     3                                   4
                                                                                                                                         1. Center rod storage holds up to
                                                                                                                                         15 rods 2. Starboard on-deck rod
                                                                                                                                         straps come standard 3. Removable
                                                                                                                                         aft storage pods for all your gear
                                                                                                                                         4. Recessed switch panel for more
                                                                                                                                         seamless control 5. 33-gallon aft
                                                                                                                                         ProLong Plus livewell/baitwell


                                                                                                     5


                                        SPECIFICATIONS
                                                               Maximum           Maximun       Transom               Livewell                  Maximum
                                         Length     Beam                                                  Fuel                                                     Seats
                                                                 HP              Capacity       Height               Systems                  Rod Storage
                                  219     21'9"      102"          350           2,150 lb          25"    65 gal   Bow 30"/20 gal                   9'               4
                                                                                 8 people                          Aft 51"/33 gal

                                  202     20'2"      102"          300           2,050 lb          25"    65 gal   Bow 30"/20 gal                   8'               4
                                                                                 7 people                          Aft 51"/33 gal
        219           202
                                        Storage   Livewell   Baitwell    Seats   Seat Bases   Fuel Tank
     8 | LUND                                                                                                                                       www.lundboats.com




lu.fa18_ProV.indd 8                                                                                                                                                        9/26/18 10:39 AM
                                                                                                                                                                    PRO-V
                                                                                                                                                               1975 / 1875




            AWC                                         Boats may show factory and/
                                                        or dealer installed options.
                                                        Please see dealer for details.




         1                                     2




         3                                     4
        1. Optional split jump seats provide
        convenient comfort 2. Sleek side
        console with optional VesselView™
        3. Storage with Advanced Water
        Control keeps your gear drier
        4. Optional side rod tubes offer
        quick access 5. Optional ski pylon
        for watersports action
                                               5


                                                                                                                                  SPECIFICATIONS
                                    Maximum        Maximun            Transom                         Livewell            Maximum
           Length      Beam                                                              Fuel                                                  Seats
                                      HP           Capacity            Height                         Systems            Rod Storage
            19'10"      100"            225        2,000 lb               25"            51 gal    Bow 27"/11 gal            8'                 4            1975
                                                   6 people                                         Aft 42"/22 gal

            18'10"       97"            200        1,800 lb               25"            43 gal    Bow 27"/11 gal            8'                 3            1875
                                                   6 people                                         Aft 42"/22 gal
                                                                                                                                                                      1975   1875
                                                                                         Storage   Livewell   Baitwell    Seats   Seat Bases     Fuel Tank
        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                    Lund | 9




lu.fa18_ProV.indd 9                                                                                                                                                            9/26/18 3:16 PM
                PRO-V GL
                       189




                                                                                                        Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                          or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                        Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                          1                                   2




                                                                                          3                                   4
                                                                                                                              1. Ample port bow storage holds
                                                                                                                              gear 2. Console with flush-mount
                                                                                                                              option 3. Convenient bow station
                                                                                                                              has space for mounting electronics
                                                                                                                              4. Center rod storage for 15 rods:
                                                                                                                              (5) 8', (5) 7'6", (5) 7' 5. 12-gallon
                                                                                                                              bow livewell keeps fish fresh


                                                                                          5


                             SPECIFICATIONS
                                                    Maximum           Maximun       Transom               Livewell                  Maximum
                              Length     Beam                                                  Fuel                                                        Seats
                                                      HP              Capacity       Height               Systems                  Rod Storage
                               18'9"      102"          200           1,900 lb          25"    41 gal   Bow 24"/12 gal                   8'                  3
                                                                      6 people                          Aft 46"/22 gal




                             Storage   Livewell   Baitwell    Seats   Seat Bases   Fuel Tank
     10 | LUND                                                                                                                           www.lundboats.com




lu.fa18_ProV.indd 10                                                                                                                                               9/28/18 11:15 AM
                                                                                                                                                             PRO-V BASS
                                                                                                                                                                 2075




            AWC                                            Boats may show factory and/
                                                           or dealer installed options.
                                                           Please see dealer for details.




         1                                           2




         3                                           4
        1. Bow
           Optional
                command
                     split jump
                             centerseats
                                      features
                                           provide
        convenientand
        cupholder    comfort   2. Sleek side
                         trim switch
        2.
        console with optional
           Ergonomic    consoleVesselView™
                                  puts
        3. Storage
        control     with
                at the     Advanced
                       captain's        Water
                                    fingertips
        3.
        Control keeps
           Optional     your gearport
                     removable       drier
                                         console
        4. Optional
        includes           rod4.tubes
                     sidebox
                  glove                 offer
                                  Aft storage
        quick access 5.
        compartment       Optional
                       tucks          ski pylon
                               gear away
        5.
        forCenter
            watersports   action
                   rod locker   holds 15 rods:
        (5) 10', (5) 9'6", (5) 8'
                                                     5


                                                                                                                                      SPECIFICATIONS
                                        Maximum          Maximun             Transom                     Livewell            Maximum
           Length         Beam                                                              Fuel                                                   Seats
                                          HP             Capacity             Height                     Systems            Rod Storage
            20'10"          96"              250         1,800 lb                 25"       49 gal    Aft 36"/28 gal            10'            1 bench,
                                                         4 people                                                                               1 bike




                                                                                            Storage   Livewell   Baitwell    Seats    Seat Bases     Fuel Tank
        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                               Lund | 11




lu.fa18_ProV.indd 11                                                                                                                                                     9/28/18 11:16 AM
                   PRO-V
                  BASS XS
                       2075




                                                                                                Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                  or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                                                                                    AWC
                                                                                                Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                           1                                             2




                                                                                           3                                             4
                                                                                                                                         1. Bow command center features
                                                                                                                                         cupholder and trim switch
                                                                                                                                         2. Sleek side console with optional
                                                                                                                                         VesselView™ 3. Optional removable
                                                                                                                                         port console includes glove box
                                                                                                                                         4. Aft platform features convenient
                                                                                                                                         flip-up seats 5. Center rod locker
                                                                                                                                         holds 15 rods: (5) 10', (5) 9'6",
                                                                                                                                         (5) 8'
                                                                                           5


                              SPECIFICATIONS
                                                     Maximum           Maximun       Transom                               Livewell           Maximum
                               Length     Beam                                                          Fuel                                                       Seats
                                                       HP              Capacity       Height                               Systems           Rod Storage
                               20'10"      96"           250           1,800 lb          25"           49 gal           Aft 36"/28 gal           10'             2 + 1 bike
                                                                       5 people




                              Storage   Livewell   Baitwell    Seats   Seat Bases   Fuel Tank
     12 | LUND                                                                                                                                    www.lundboats.com




lu.fa18_ProV.indd 12                                                                                                                                                       9/28/18 11:16 AM
                                                                                                                                                     PRO-V BASS/
                                                                                                                                                       BASS XS
                                                                                                                                                          1875




            AWC                                    Boats may show factory and/
                                                   or dealer installed options.
                                                   Please see dealer for details.




         1                                   2




         3                                   4
        1. Bow command center features
        cupholder and trim switch
        2. The XS layout includes flip
        seats 3. Removable port console
        option 4. Command console with
        flush-mount graph options 5. Large
        storage compartments keep the bow
        clutter-free
                                             5


                                                                                                                             SPECIFICATIONS
                                   Maximum       Maximun             Transom                     Livewell            Maximum
           Length      Beam                                                         Fuel                                                  Seats
                                     HP          Capacity             Height                     Systems            Rod Storage
            18'9"       96"           200        1,650 lb                 25"       39 gal    Aft 36"/28 gal            9'           1 bench, 1
                                             4 - Bass/ 5 - XS                                                                        bike - Bass
                                                                                                                                   2 + 1 bike - XS

                                                                                                                                                        Bass   Bass XS
                                                                                    Storage   Livewell   Baitwell    Seats   Seat Bases     Fuel Tank
        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                            Lund | 13




lu.fa18_ProV.indd 13                                                                                                                                                     9/28/18 3:58 PM
                  BARON
                        2275




                                                                                                          Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                            or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                          Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                            1                                   2




                                                                                            3                                   4
                                                                                                                                1. 24-gallon, 38" livewell holds the
                                                                                                                                day's catch 2. Bow offers additional
                                                                                                                                room and storage 3. Integrated aft
                                                                                                                                flip-up seats provide additional
                                                                                                                                seating 4. Starboard rod storage
                                                                                                                                holds 4 rods up to 10' 5. Port
                                                                                                                                console drawer keeps items
                                                                                                                                tucked away
                                                                                            5


                               SPECIFICATIONS
                                                      Maximum           Maximun       Transom               Livewell                  Maximum
                                Length     Beam                                                  Fuel                                                      Seats
                                                        HP              Capacity       Height               Systems                  Rod Storage
                                 22'9       102"          350           2,950 lb          25"    70 gal   Bow 25"/9 gal                    10'                4
                                                                        12 people                         Aft 38"/24 gal




                               Storage   Livewell   Baitwell    Seats   Seat Bases   Fuel Tank
     14 | LUND                                                                                                                             www.lundboats.com




lu.fa18_Baron_Tyee.indd 14                                                                                                                                         9/26/18 11:09 AM
                                                                                                                                                         TYEE MAGNUM
                                                                                                                                                               2075




                                              Boats may show factory and/
                                              or dealer installed options.
                                              Please see dealer for details.




        1                                               2




        3                                               4
        1. Port rod storage 2. Port console
        provides additional storage
        3. 15-gallon, 37" livewell 4. Aft
        flip-up seats make room for your
        buddies 5. Starboard console with
        fully equipped instrumentation



                                                        5


                                                                                                                                    SPECIFICATIONS
                                     Maximum                  Maximun          Transom                Livewell            Maximum
           Length       Beam                                                             Fuel                                                    Seats
                                       HP                     Capacity          Height                Systems            Rod Storage
            20'8"            99"         250                   2,350 lb          25"     49 gal    Aft 37"/15 gal           10'6"                 4
                                                               9 people




                                                                                         Storage   Livewell   Baitwell    Seats     Seat Bases     Fuel Tank
        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                             Lund | 15




lu.fa18_Baron_Tyee.indd 15                                                                                                                                             9/26/18 11:10 AM
                      Tyee
                        2075




                                                                                                          Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                            or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                          Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                            1                                   2




                                                                                            3                                   4
                                                                                                                                1. Center storage keeps tackleboxes
                                                                                                                                organized 2. Aft jump seats provide
                                                                                                                                additional seating 3. In-floor lockable
                                                                                                                                rod storage holds 10 rods: (4) 7'10",
                                                                                                                                (6) 7'6" 4. Port console features
                                                                                                                                lockable glove box 5. Optional port
                                                                                                                                rod storage holds additional rods


                                                                                            5


                               SPECIFICATIONS
                                                      Maximum           Maximun       Transom               Livewell                  Maximum
                                Length     Beam                                                  Fuel                                                        Seats
                                                        HP              Capacity       Height               Systems                  Rod Storage
                                 20'8"      99"           250           2,350 lb          25"    50 gal   Bow 25"/9 gal                    8'                  4
                                                                        9 people                          Aft 38"/24 gal




                               Storage   Livewell   Baitwell    Seats   Seat Bases   Fuel Tank
     16 | LUND                                                                                                                             www.lundboats.com




lu.fa18_Baron_Tyee.indd 16                                                                                                                                           9/28/18 11:24 AM
                                                                                                                                                         TYEE GL
                                                                                                                                                           208




                                         Boats may show factory and/
                                         or dealer installed options.
                                         Please see dealer for details.




        1                                          2




        3                                          4
        1. 16-gallon, 31" aft livewell/
        baitwell keeps your trophies
        fresh 2. Ergonomic helm with
        full instrumentation puts you in
        command 3. Standard flip-up seats
        and optional ski pylon 4. Lockable
        in-floor storage holds longer rods
        and watersports accessories 5. Bow
        casting platform opens to reveal
        massive storage compartments
                                                   5


                                                                                                                              SPECIFICATIONS
                                   Maximum               Maximun          Transom                Livewell             Maximum
           Length       Beam                                                        Fuel                                                   Seats
                                     HP                  Capacity          Height                Systems             Rod Storage
            20'8"            96"       300                2,000 lb          25"     55 gal     Bow 21"/9 gal             8'                 4
                                                          8 people                             Aft 31"/16 gal




                                                                                    Storage   Livewell    Baitwell    Seats   Seat Bases     Fuel Tank
        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                          Lund | 17




lu.fa18_Baron_Tyee.indd 17                                                                                                                                          9/26/18 11:17 AM
                     TYEE
                  1900/1800




                                                                                                                  Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                                    or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                                  Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                                    1                                   2




                                                                                                    3                                   4
                                                                                                                                        1. Optional tan pilot chair provides
                                                                                                                                        all-day comfort 2. Boarding ladder
                                                                                                                                        provides easy swimming access
                                                                                                                                        3. Sleek console includes full
                                                                                                                                        instrumentation and steering wheel
                                                                                                                                        4. Lockable in-floor rod storage
                                                                                                                                        holds 10 rods 5. Bow storage
                                                                                                                                        compartments hold extra gear

                                                                                                    5


                                       SPECIFICATIONS
                                                              Maximum           Maximun       Transom               Livewell                  Maximum
                                        Length     Beam                                                  Fuel                                                       Seats
                                                                HP              Capacity       Height               Systems                  Rod Storage
                                1900     19'1"      98"           200           1,900 lb          25"    41 gal   Bow 25"/9 gal                    8'                  3
                                                                                8 people                          Aft 38"/24 gal

                                1800     18'1"      95"           175           1,750 lb          25"    31 gal   Bow 25"/9 gal                    8'                  3
                                                                                7 people                          Aft 38"/24 gal
          1900           1800
                                       Storage   Livewell   Baitwell    Seats   Seat Bases   Fuel Tank
     18 | LUND                                                                                                                                     www.lundboats.com




lu.fa18_Baron_Tyee.indd 18                                                                                                                                                  9/26/18 11:18 AM
                                                                                                                                                           TYEE GL
                                                                                                                                                             189




                                           Boats may show factory and/
                                           or dealer installed options.
                                           Please see dealer for details.




        1                                            2




        3                                            4
        1. 16-gallon, 31" aft livewell/baitwell
        keeps your trophies fresh 2. Optional
        VesselView puts you in command
        3. Port console includes storage area
        and lockable glove box 4. Optional
        marine mat protects deck 5. Hold
        even more rods in the port rod storage
        compartment
                                                     5


                                                                                                                                SPECIFICATIONS
                                     Maximum               Maximun          Transom                Livewell             Maximum
           Length       Beam                                                          Fuel                                                   Seats
                                       HP                  Capacity          Height                Systems             Rod Storage
            18'9"        102"            200                1,900 lb          25"     41 gal     Bow 21"/9 gal             7'                 3
                                                            8 people                             Aft 31"/16 gal




                                                                                      Storage   Livewell    Baitwell    Seats   Seat Bases     Fuel Tank
        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                            Lund | 19




lu.fa18_Baron_Tyee.indd 19                                                                                                                                            9/28/18 11:24 AM
       CROSSOVER XS
                  1875 / 1775




                                                                                                                     Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                                       or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                                     Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                                       1                                   2




                                                                                                       3                                   4
                                                                                                                                           1. Optional marine mat protects
                                                                                                                                           deck 2. Ample side storage holds
                                                                                                                                           watersports gear 3. Optional bow
                                                                                                                                           cushions add comfort 4. Top hider
                                                                                                                                           tucks sport top neatly away
                                                                                                                                           5. Boarding ladder makes water
                                                                                                                                           access easy


                                                                                                       5


                                          SPECIFICATIONS
                                                                 Maximum           Maximun       Transom               Livewell                  Maximum
                                           Length     Beam                                                  Fuel                                                     Seats
                                                                   HP              Capacity       Height               Systems                  Rod Storage
                                   1875     18'9"      95"           175           1,800 lbs         25"    35 gal   Aft 38"/24 gal                   9'                3
                                                                                   8 people

                                   1775    17'10"      95"           150           1,750 lbs         25"    28 gal   Aft 38"/24 gal                   7'                3
                                                                                   7 people
           1875           1775
                                          Storage   Livewell   Baitwell    Seats   Seat Bases   Fuel Tank
     20 | LUND                                                                                                                                        www.lundboats.com




lu.fa18_Crossover_Angler.indd 20                                                                                                                                             9/28/18 11:25 AM
                                                                                                                                                    SPORT ANGLER
                                                                                                                                                            2000 / 1800




                                          Boats may show factory and/
                                          or dealer installed options.
                                          Please see dealer for details.




         1                                          2




         3                                          4
        1. Vertical rod storage on transom
        holds five rods 2. Lockable glove box
        secures valuables 3. Bow storage
        dividers organize all types of gear
        4. Cleaning station provides
        convenient onboard fish prep
        5. Easy-access rod storage with
        optional SportTrak rod holder and
        side seat with under-seat storage
                                                    5


                                                                                                                               SPECIFICATIONS
                                    Maximum               Maximun          Transom                Livewell            Maximum
           Length        Beam                                                        Fuel                                                   Seats
                                      HP                  Capacity          Height                Systems            Rod Storage
            20'6"         97"           225                2,100 lbs         25"     52 gal      40"/18 gal              12'                 2            2000
                                                           6 people

            18'6"         97"           175                1,900 lbs         25"     44 gal      40"/18 gal              10'                 2            1800
                                                           6 people
                                                                                                                                                                 2000     1800
                                                                                     Storage   Livewell   Baitwell    Seats    Seat Bases     Fuel Tank
        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                 Lund | 21




lu.fa18_Crossover_Angler.indd 21                                                                                                                                           9/26/18 11:31 AM
             IMPACT XS
                       Sport

                       2025




                                                                                                                       Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                                         or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                                       Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                                        1                                    2




                                                                                                        3                                    4
                                                                                                                                             1. 24-gallon, 38" aft livewell
                                                                                                                                             holds your entire haul 2. Standard
                                                                                                                                             under-console drawer and ruler add
                                                                                                                                             convenience 3. Command console
                                                                                                                                             accommodates optional VesselView
                                                                                                                                             4. Aft deck features flip-up seats and
                                                                                                                                             ski pylon 5. Optional bow baitwell
                                                                                                                                             keeps bait active

                                                                                                        5


                                           SPECIFICATIONS
                                                                  Maximum           Maximun       Transom                Livewell                  Maximum
                                            Length     Beam                                                  Fuel                                                        Seats
                                                                    HP              Capacity       Height                Systems                  Rod Storage
                                             20'2"      96"           200           2,000 lb          25"    46 gal   Bow 27"/11 gal                    8'6"               4
                                                                                    8 people                          Aft 38"/24 gal




                                           Storage   Livewell   Baitwell    Seats   Seat Bases   Fuel Tank
     22 | LUND                                                                                                                                           www.lundboats.com




lu.fa18_Impact_ProGuide_Renegade.indd 22                                                                                                                                         9/26/18 11:38 AM
                                                                                                                                                           IMPACT XS
                                                                                                                                                                  Sport

                                                                                                                                                             1875 / 1775




                                           Boats may show factory and/
                                           or dealer installed options.
                                           Please see dealer for details.




        1                                            2




        3                                            4
        1. LED light strip adds onboard
        illumination for early-morning outings
        2. Gunwale with rubrail helps protect
        your boat 3. Tuck away the ski pylon
        in the port storage compartment
        4. Port console features accessible
        storage 5. Aft boarding ladder
        comes standard
                                                     5


                                                                                                                                SPECIFICATIONS
                                    Maximum                Maximun          Transom                Livewell            Maximum
          Length        Beam                                                          Fuel                                                   Seats
                                      HP                   Capacity          Height                Systems            Rod Storage
           18'11"        96"            150                 1,800 lb          25"     36 gal    Bow 27"/11 gal           8'6"                 3            1875
                                                            7 people                            Aft 38"/24 gal

           17'11"        96"            125                 1,700 lbs         25"     30 gal    Bow 27"/11 gal            8'                  2            1775
                                                            6 people                            Aft 38"/24 gal
                                                                                                                                                                    1875   1775
                                                                                      Storage   Livewell   Baitwell    Seats    Seat Bases     Fuel Tank
        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                  Lund | 23




lu.fa18_Impact_ProGuide_Renegade.indd 23                                                                                                                                     9/28/18 11:35 AM
             IMPACT XS
                       Sport

                       1675




                                                                                                                      Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                                        or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                                      Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                                       1                                    2




                                                                                                       3                                    4
                                                                                                                                            1. Optional ski pylon caters to
                                                                                                                                            watersports lovers 2. Standard
                                                                                                                                            flip-up cleat makes docking easy
                                                                                                                                            3. Aft starboard storage holds battery
                                                                                                                                            and optional Panther powersteering
                                                                                                                                            pump 4. Optional port rod storage
                                                                                                                                            straps in your rods 5. Port console
                                                                                                                                            comes with quick-access storage

                                                                                                       5


                                           SPECIFICATIONS
                                                                  Maximum          Maximun       Transom                Livewell                  Maximum
                                            Length     Beam                                                 Fuel                                                        Seats
                                                                    HP             Capacity       Height                Systems                  Rod Storage
                                            16'10"      90"           90           1,550 lb          25"    22 gal   Bow 27"/11 gal                    7'                  2
                                                                                   6 people                          Aft 38"/24 gal




                                           Storage   Livewell   Baitwell   Seats   Seat Bases   Fuel Tank
     24 | LUND                                                                                                                                         www.lundboats.com




lu.fa18_Impact_ProGuide_Renegade.indd 24                                                                                                                                        9/26/18 11:40 AM
                                                                                                                                                           IMPACT
                                                                                                                                                           Sport & SS

                                                                                                                                                             1875




                                           Boats may show factory and/
                                           or dealer installed options.
                                           Please see dealer for details.




        1                                            2




        3                                            4
        1. Port console features large glove
        box 2. Optional starboard rod holder
        and straps keep rods at hand 3. Rod
        locker holds 10 rods: (5) 8'; (5) 7'6"
        4. Large bow provides ample casting
        room 5. Under-deck drawer provides
        additional storage (standard on SS;
        optional on Sport)
                                                     5


                                                                                                                                SPECIFICATIONS
                                     Maximum               Maximun          Transom                Livewell            Maximum
          Length        Beam                                                          Fuel                                                   Seats
                                       HP                  Capacity          Height                Systems            Rod Storage

                                                             1,800 lb                           Bow 27"/11 gal
           18'11"         96"            150                                  25"     36 gal                             8'6"                 3
                                                             7 people                           Aft 37"/16 gal



                                                                                                                                                             Sport      SS
                                                                                      Storage   Livewell   Baitwell    Seats    Seat Bases     Fuel Tank
        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                               Lund | 25




lu.fa18_Impact_ProGuide_Renegade.indd 25                                                                                                                                     9/26/18 11:43 AM
                  IMPACT
                   Sport & SS

                 1775 / 1675




                                                                                                                        Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                                          or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                                        Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                                         1                                    2




                                                                                                         3                                    4
                                                                                                                                              1. Sleek & convenient VesselView
                                                                                                                                              option 2. Center rod locker holds
                                                                                                                                              10 rods up to 8' 3. In-deck bow
                                                                                                                                              storage holds all the essentials
                                                                                                                                              4. Optional starboard rod storage
                                                                                                                                              holds additional rods 5. Optional
                                                                                                                                              splash pan inserts offer increased
                                                                                                                                              platform area

                                                                                                         5

           1775                             SPECIFICATIONS
          Sport
                                                                   Maximum           Maximun       Transom                Livewell                  Maximum
                                             Length     Beam                                                  Fuel                                                        Seats
           1775                                                      HP              Capacity       Height                Systems                  Rod Storage
             SS
                                     1775    17'11"      96"           125           1,700 lb          25"    30 gal   Bow 27"/11 gal                    8'                 2
           1675                                                                      6 people                          Aft 37"/16 gal
          Sport                      1675    16'10"      90"           90            1,550 lb          25"    22 gal   Bow 27"/11 gal                    7'                 2
                                                                                     6 people                          Aft 37"/16 gal
           1675
             SS
                                            Storage   Livewell   Baitwell    Seats   Seat Bases   Fuel Tank
     26 | LUND                                                                                                                                           www.lundboats.com




lu.fa18_Impact_ProGuide_Renegade.indd 26                                                                                                                                           9/26/18 11:49 AM
                                                                                                                                                       PRO GUIDE
                                                                                                                                                             2075 / 1875




                                           Boats may show factory and/
                                           or dealer installed options.
                                           Please see dealer for details.




        1                                            2




        3                                            4
        1. In-deck rod storage (2075 holds
        15 rods, 1875 holds 10 rods)
        2. Comprehensive control panel
        keeps everything you need close
        at hand 3. Optional stereo with
        2 speakers 4. Starboard locker
        adds storage for 5 additional rods
        5. Deep and plentiful bow storage
                                                     5


                                                                                                                                SPECIFICATIONS
                                    Maximum                Maximun          Transom                Livewell            Maximum
          Length        Beam                                                          Fuel                                                   Seats
                                      HP                   Capacity          Height                Systems            Rod Storage
            20'9"        93"           250                  2,000 lb          25"     43 gal    Bow 27"/11 gal           9'6"                 3            2075
                                                            6 people                            Aft 42"/22 gal

           18'10"        93"               90               1,650 lb          25"     35 gal    Bow 27"/11 gal            9'                  3            1875
                                                            6 people                            Aft 42"/22 gal

                                                                                                                                                                  2075   1875
                                                                                      Storage   Livewell   Baitwell    Seats    Seat Bases     Fuel Tank
        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                  Lund | 27




lu.fa18_Impact_ProGuide_Renegade.indd 27                                                                                                                                     9/26/18 11:50 AM
             PRO GUIDE
                  1775 / 1675




                                                                                                                      Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                                        or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                                      Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                                        1                                   2




                                                                                                        3                                   4
                                                                                                                                            1. Generous port storage
                                                                                                                                            compartment 2. Flip-up cleats for
                                                                                                                                            added versatility 3. Command
                                                                                                                                            console features easy-to-read
                                                                                                                                            instrumentation 4. The split-door
                                                                                                                                            livewell/baitwell allows for easy
                                                                                                                                            access 5. Bow storage secures
                                                                                                                                            gear effortlessly

                                                                                                        5


                                            SPECIFICATIONS
                                                                   Maximum          Maximun       Transom               Livewell                  Maximum
                                             Length     Beam                                                 Fuel                                                      Seats
                                                                     HP             Capacity       Height               Systems                  Rod Storage
                                     1775     17'9"      93"           90           1,600 lb          20"    30 gal   Bow 27"/11 gal                    9'               3
                                                                                    6 people                          Aft 37"/16 gal

                                     1675     16'9"      90"           75           1,400 lb          20"    22 gal    37"/16 gal                      8'6"              2
                                                                                    6 people
           1775        1675
                                            Storage   Livewell   Baitwell   Seats   Seat Bases   Fuel Tank
     28 | LUND                                                                                                                                          www.lundboats.com




lu.fa18_Impact_ProGuide_Renegade.indd 28                                                                                                                                        9/26/18 11:52 AM
                                                                                                                                                          RENEGADE
                                                                                                                                                            1875 / 1775




                                           Boats may show factory and/
                                           or dealer installed options.
                                           Please see dealer for details.




        1                                            2




        3                                            4
        1. Large bow storage compartments
        hold rods up to 9', gear and
        bow livewell (crappie edition)
        2. Ergonomic console puts control
        at your fingertips 3. On-the-go rod
        storage 4. Bench seating with fold-
        down center seat 5. 22-gallon aft
        livewell holds your catches
                                                     5


                                                                                                                               SPECIFICATIONS                       1875
                                    Maximum                Maximun          Transom                Livewell            Maximum
          Length        Beam                                                          Fuel                                                  Seats
                                      HP                   Capacity          Height                Systems            Rod Storage                                   1875
                                                                                                                                                                    Crappie Edition
            18'9"        95"           115                  1,325 lb          20"     22 gal     Aft 35"/22 gal           9'            1 bench           1875
                                                            4 people                            Bow 27”/11 gal
                                                                                                 (Crappie Only)                                                     1775
            17'9"        95"               90               1,225 lbs         20"     22 gal     Aft 35"/22 gal           8'            1 bench           1775
                                                            4 people                            Bow 27”/11 gal                                                      1775
                                                                                                 (Crappie Only)                                                     Crappie Edition
        www.lundboats.com                                                             Storage   Livewell   Baitwell    Seats   Seat Bases     Fuel Tank                   Lund | 29




lu.fa18_Impact_ProGuide_Renegade.indd 29                                                                                                                                    9/26/18 11:52 AM
           ADVENTURE
                        Sport

                        1775




                                                                                                             Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                               or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                             Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                               1                                   2




                                                                                               3                                   4
                                                                                                                                   1. Aft deck storage keeps your
                                                                                                                                   essentials close at hand 2. Starboard
                                                                                                                                   side storage accommodates more
                                                                                                                                   gear 3. Swim ladder tucks neatly
                                                                                                                                   away 4. Opt for a ski tow pylon for
                                                                                                                                   a day of water-skiing 5. Port console
                                                                                                                                   features additional storage


                                                                                               5


                                  SPECIFICATIONS
                                                         Maximum           Maximun       Transom               Livewell                  Maximum
                                   Length     Beam                                                  Fuel                                                       Seats
                                                           HP              Capacity       Height               Systems                  Rod Storage
                                   17'10"      87"           115           1,400 lb          20"    21 gal    37"/23 gal                      7'5"               2
                                                                           6 people




                                  Storage   Livewell   Baitwell    Seats   Seat Bases   Fuel Tank
     30 | LUND                                                                                                                                 www.lundboats.com




lu.fa18_Adventure_Rebel.indd 30                                                                                                                                        9/26/18 11:55 AM
                                                                                                                                                     ADVENTURE
                                                                                                                                                           SS

                                                                                                                                                          1775




                                          Boats may show factory and/
                                          or dealer installed options.
                                          Please see dealer for details.




        1                                           2




        3                                           4
        1. Aft jump seats provide seating for
        the whole family 2. Wide-open box
        deck creates more casting space
        3. SS console puts control at your
        fingertips 4. Port side storage keeps
        additional gear tucked away
        5. Aft swim ladder makes water
        access easy
                                                    5


                                                                                                                               SPECIFICATIONS
                                     Maximum              Maximun          Transom                Livewell            Maximum
           Length       Beam                                                         Fuel                                                   Seats
                                       HP                 Capacity          Height                Systems            Rod Storage
            17'10"        87"            90                1,400 lb          20"     21 gal      37"/23 gal             7'5"                 2
                                                           6 people




                                                                                     Storage   Livewell   Baitwell    Seats    Seat Bases     Fuel Tank
        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                        Lund | 31




lu.fa18_Adventure_Rebel.indd 31                                                                                                                                   9/26/18 11:55 AM
           ADVENTURE
                        Sport

                        1675




                                                                                                            Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                              or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                            Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                              1                                   2




                                                                                              3                                   4
                                                                                                                                  1. Aft jump seats provide seating
                                                                                                                                  for the whole family 2. Swim ladder
                                                                                                                                  tucks neatly away 3. Opt for a ski
                                                                                                                                  tow pylon for a day of water-skiing
                                                                                                                                  4. Optional bow cushions add
                                                                                                                                  lounge space 5. Starboard console
                                                                                                                                  accommodates optional radio


                                                                                              5


                                  SPECIFICATIONS
                                                         Maximum          Maximun       Transom               Livewell                  Maximum
                                   Length     Beam                                                 Fuel                                                      Seats
                                                           HP             Capacity       Height               Systems                  Rod Storage
                                   16'10"      87"           90           1,350 lb          20"    21 gal    37"/23 gal                      7'5"              2
                                                                          6 people




                                  Storage   Livewell   Baitwell   Seats   Seat Bases   Fuel Tank
     32 | LUND                                                                                                                                www.lundboats.com




lu.fa18_Adventure_Rebel.indd 32                                                                                                                                      9/26/18 11:56 AM
                                                                                                                                                    ADVENTURE
                                                                                                                                                          SS

                                                                                                                                                         1675




                                         Boats may show factory and/
                                         or dealer installed options.
                                         Please see dealer for details.




        1                                          2




        3                                          4
        1. Bow storage holds all your gear
        2. Center rod locker for 10 rods up
        to 7'5" 3. Under-console storage
        keeps essentials close at hand 4.
        Starboard side storage houses more
        gear 5. Under-deck port storage
        keeps items tucked away


                                                   5


                                                                                                                              SPECIFICATIONS
                                    Maximum              Maximun          Transom                Livewell            Maximum
           Length       Beam                                                        Fuel                                                   Seats
                                      HP                 Capacity          Height                Systems            Rod Storage
            16'10"        87"           90                1,350 lb          20"     21 gal      37"/23 gal             7'5"                 2
                                                          6 people




                                                                                    Storage   Livewell   Baitwell    Seats    Seat Bases     Fuel Tank
        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                       Lund | 33




lu.fa18_Adventure_Rebel.indd 33                                                                                                                                   9/28/18 11:27 AM
           ADVENTURE
                        Tiller

                        1675




                                                                                                            Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                              or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                            Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                              1                                   2




                                                                                              3                                   4
                                                                                                                                  1. Versatile aft deck features a large
                                                                                                                                  livewell and deep storage 2. In-deck
                                                                                                                                  bow storage holds anything you need
                                                                                                                                  3. Command console keeps captains
                                                                                                                                  in control 4. Port side storage tucks
                                                                                                                                  gear neatly away 5. Starboard side
                                                                                                                                  storage provides even more room
                                                                                                                                  for gear
                                                                                              5


                                  SPECIFICATIONS
                                                         Maximum          Maximun       Transom               Livewell                  Maximum
                                   Length     Beam                                                 Fuel                                                       Seats
                                                           HP             Capacity       Height               Systems                  Rod Storage
                                   16'10"      87"           60           1,350 lb          20"    21 gal    37"/16 gal                      7'5"                2
                                                                          6 people




                                  Storage   Livewell   Baitwell   Seats   Seat Bases   Fuel Tank
     34 | LUND                                                                                                                                www.lundboats.com




lu.fa18_Adventure_Rebel.indd 34                                                                                                                                       9/26/18 12:00 PM
                                                                                                                                                                  REBEL
                                                                                                                                                                  SS & Tiller

                                                                                                                                                                    1600




                                          Boats may show factory and/
                                          or dealer installed options.
                                          Please see dealer for details.




        1                                           2




        3                                           4
        1. Fuel tank hider shown with
        optional second fuel tank 2. Rear
        boarding ladder for easy water access
        3. Side console allows for clear views
        4. Large side rod storage to store all
        your tools 5. Ample bow storage for all
        your gear


                                                    5


                                                                                                                               SPECIFICATIONS
                                     Maximum              Maximun          Transom                Livewell            Maximum
           Length       Beam                                                         Fuel                                                   Seats
                                       HP                 Capacity          Height                Systems            Rod Storage
            16'5"         77"            50                1,225 lb          20"     6 gal       35"/11 gal             7'6"                 2            Sport
                                                           5 people

            16'5"         77"            40                1,225 lb          20"     6 gal       35"/11 gal             7'6"                 2            SS
                                                           5 people
                                                                                                                                                                        SS      Tiller
                                                                                     Storage   Livewell   Baitwell    Seats    Seat Bases     Fuel Tank
        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                       Lund | 35




lu.fa18_Adventure_Rebel.indd 35                                                                                                                                                   9/26/18 12:06 PM
                   FURY XL
                          Sport

                          1625




                                                                                                            Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                              or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                            Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                              1                                   2




                                                                                              3                                   4
                                                                                                                                  1. Optional aft flip-up bench seats
                                                                                                                                  offer casting area when seats are
                                                                                                                                  down 2. Sport windshield and con-
                                                                                                                                  sole add protection 3. In-floor rod
                                                                                                                                  storage for rods up to 8' 4. Optional
                                                                                                                                  aft flip-up bench seats offer addi-
                                                                                                                                  tional seating 5. Spacious bow offers
                                                                                                                                  expansive fishing mobility
                                                                                              5


                                  SPECIFICATIONS
                                                         Maximum          Maximun       Transom               Livewell                  Maximum
                                   Length     Beam                                                 Fuel                                                       Seats
                                                           HP             Capacity       Height               Systems                  Rod Storage
                                    16'3"      80"           60           1,250 lb          20"    12 gal   Aft 37"/16 gal                   8'                 2
                                                                          5 people




                                  Storage   Livewell   Baitwell   Seats   Seat Bases   Fuel Tank
      36 | LUND                                                                                                                              www.lundboats.com




lu.fa18_Fury_Outfitter.indd 36                                                                                                                                        9/26/18 12:15 PM
                                                                                                                                                                FURY XL
                                                                                                                                                                   SS & Tiller

                                                                                                                                                                     1625




                                            Boats may show factory and/
                                            or dealer installed options.
                                            Please see dealer for details.




         1                                            2




         3                                            4
         1. Side console with optional gauges
         2. Aft raised casting platform with
         seat base 3. Plentiful bow storage
         holds gear, and bow livewell holds
         fish 4. Telescoping ladder for easy
         boarding 5. Portable fuel tank has its
         own storage space


                                                      5


                                                                                                                                SPECIFICATIONS
                                      Maximum               Maximun          Transom                Livewell            Maximum
            Length        Beam                                                         Fuel                                                  Seats
                                        HP                  Capacity          Height                Systems            Rod Storage
             16'3"          80"           60                 1,250 lb          20"     12 gal    Aft 37"/16 gal            8'                 2            Sport
                                                             5 people

             16'3"          80"           50                 1,250 lb          20"     12 gal    Aft 37"/16 gal            8'                 2            SS
                                                             5 people
                                                                                                                                                                        SS       Tiller
                                                                                       Storage   Livewell   Baitwell    Seats   Seat Bases     Fuel Tank
         www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                       Lund | 37




lu.fa18_Fury_Outfitter.indd 37                                                                                                                                                     9/26/18 12:18 PM
                       FURY
                     SS & Tiller

                   1600 / 1400




                                                                                                                            Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                                              or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                                            Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                                               1                                  2




                                                                                                               3                                  4
                                                                                                                                                  1. Portside stepped rod locker
                                                                                                                                                  holds rods up to 7' 2. SS Console
                                                                                                                                                  with optional windshield 3. Large
                                                                                                                                                  pass-through bow compartments
                                                                                                                                                  4. 11-gallon, 35" livewell holds your
                                                                                                                                                  catches 5. Four durable cleats line
                                                                                                                                                  the gunnel


                                                                                                               5


                                            SPECIFICATIONS
                                                                  Maximum              Maximun            Transom             Livewell                  Maximum
                                             Length     Beam                                                        Fuel                                                      Seats
                                                                    HP                 Capacity            Height             Systems                  Rod Storage
                                     SS       16'2"     73.5"         40            1,200 lb/5 people        20"     —     Bow 35"/11 gal                    7'6"               2
                                   Tiller     16'2"     73.5"         40            1,200 lb/5 people        20"     —     Bow 35"/11 gal                    7'6"               2
                                     SS       14'9"     69.5"         30            1,080 lb/4 people        20"     —     Bow 35"/11 gal                     7'                2

             SS          Tiller    Tiller     14'9"     69.5"         30            1,080 lb/4 people        20"     —     Bow 35"/11 gal                     7'                2
                                            Storage   Livewell   Baitwell   Seats       Seat Bases      Fuel Tank
      38 | LUND                                                                                                                                               www.lundboats.com




lu.fa18_Fury_Outfitter.indd 38                                                                                                                                                        9/26/18 12:15 PM
                                                                                                                                                    OUTFITTER
                                                                                                                                                        1750




                                         Boats may show factory and/
                                         or dealer installed options.
                                         Please see dealer for details.




         1                                         2




         3                                         4
         1. Deep, pass-through bow storage
         eliminates clutter 2. Aerated
         20-gallon bow livewell keeps fish
         fresh 3. Side rod holders add
         convenience and accessibility
         4. Removable bow boxes simplify
         loading and unloading 5. Port
         and starboard rear-side storage
         frees up space
                                                   5


                                                                                                                             SPECIFICATIONS
                                    Maximum              Maximun          Transom                Livewell            Maximum
            Length        Beam                                                      Fuel                                                  Seats
                                      HP                 Capacity          Height                Systems            Rod Storage
             17'7"          77"         60                1,400 lb          20"     22 gal    Bow 42"/20 gal            7'                 3
                                                          5 people




                                                                                    Storage   Livewell   Baitwell    Seats   Seat Bases     Fuel Tank
         www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                     Lund | 39




lu.fa18_Fury_Outfitter.indd 39                                                                                                                                   9/28/18 11:27 AM
                 ALASKAN
                           DC & SS

           2000 / 1800 / 1600




                                                                                                                                Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                                                  or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                                                Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                                                 1                                    2




                                                                                                                 3                                    4
                                                                                                                                                      1. Port console provides comfort
                                                                                                                                                      and protection from the elements
                                                                                                                                                      2. 13-gallon port livewell with
                                                                                                                                                      baitwell (1800/1600 shown)
                                                                                                                                                      3. Side storage keeps necessities
                                                                                                                                                      handy 4. Composite interior
                                                                                                                                                      option 5. Functional command
                                                                                                                                                      console makes for easy operation
                                                                                                                 5


                                               SPECIFICATIONS
                                                                     Maximum           Maximun              Transom               Livewell                  Maximum
                                                Length     Beam                                                       Fuel                                                       Seats
                                                                       HP              Capacity              Height               Systems                  Rod Storage
            2000 DC 2000 SS          2000 DC    20'6"       90"          125       2,100 lbs / 7 people        25"    29 gal   Bow 40"/18 gal                     9'                3
                                     2000 SS    20'6"       90"          125       2,100 lbs / 7 people        25"    29 gal   Bow 40"/18 gal                     9'                3
                                     1800 DC    18'9"       83"          90        1,600 lbs / 7 people        20"    20 gal   Port 46"/13 gal                   8'6"               2
                                     1800 SS    18'9"       83"          90        1,600 lbs / 7 people        20"    20 gal   Port 46"/13 gal                   8'6"               2
                                     1600 SS    16'10"      81"          75        1,350 lbs / 6 people        20"    20 gal   Port 46"/13 gal                    7'                2
       1800 DC   1800 SS   1600 SS             Storage   Livewell   Baitwell   Seats    Seat Bases        Fuel Tank
     40 | LUND                                                                                                                                                    www.lundboats.com




lu.fa18_Alaskan.indd 40                                                                                                                                                                   9/26/18 12:16 PM
                                                                                                                                                            ALASKAN
                                                                                                                                                                  Tiller

                                                                                                                                                     2000 / 1800 / 1600




                                           Boats may show factory and/
                                           or dealer installed options.
                                           Please see dealer for details.




         1                                           2




         3                                           4
        1. Bow battery storage is conve-
        niently accessible 2. Port storage
        offers a generous amount of space
        for all your gear 3. Tan seat is
        standard when you choose Fall
        Marsh or Wetlands® exterior color
        4. Handy side storage allows quick
        access to items 5. Spacious port
        livewell keeps your day's catch fresh
                                                     5


                                                                                                                                SPECIFICATIONS
                                    Maximum                Maximun          Transom                Livewell            Maximum
           Length         Beam                                                        Fuel                                                   Seats                            2000
                                      HP                   Capacity          Height                Systems            Rod Storage
            20'6"         90"           125          2,100 lbs / 7 people     25"     29 gal    Bow 40"/18 gal            9'                  3            2000

            18'9"         83"           90           1,600 lbs / 7 people     20"     20 gal    Port 46"/13 gal          8'6"                 2            1800
                                                                                                                                                                              1800

            16'10"        81"           75           1,350 lbs / 6 people     20"     20 gal    Port 46"/13 gal           7'                  2            1600
                                                                                                                                                                              1600
                                                                                      Storage   Livewell   Baitwell    Seats    Seat Bases     Fuel Tank
        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                  Lund | 41




lu.fa18_Alaskan.indd 41                                                                                                                                                     9/26/18 12:17 PM
                         SSV
                 18 / 16 / 14




                                                                                                                     Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                                       or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                                     Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                                        1                                  2




                                                                                                        3                                  4
                                                                                                                                           1. Optional SS console allows for en-
                                                                                                                                           hanced steering wheel control
                                                                                                                                           2. Optional raised bow storage packs
                                                                                                                                           it all in 3. Optional drop-in floor
                                                                                                                                           creates more casting room 4. Aft bat-
                                                                                                                                           tery and fuel tank storage are
                                                                                                                                           easily accessible 5. Optional port
                                                                                                                                           console maximizes cockpit comfort
                                                                                                                                           (SSV 18 only)
                                                                                                        5


                                     SPECIFICATIONS
                                                            Maximum           Maximun              Transom    Fuel     Livewell                  Maximum
                         18           Length      Beam                                                                                                                Seats
                                                              HP              Capacity              Height    Tank     Systems                  Rod Storage
                                18      18'4"      76"          25        1,500 lbs / 7 people        20"      —            —                         —           2 cross, 4 split

                         16     16      16'2"      72"          25      1,100 lb/5 people (15")     15"/20"    —            —                         —           2 cross, 4 split
                                                                        1,200 lb/6 people (20")
                                14      14'2"      70"          15       915 lb/4 people (15")      15"/20"    —            —                         —           2 cross, 4 split
                                                                        1,020 lb/4 people (20")
                         14
                                      Storage   Livewell   Baitwell   Seats    Seat Bases        Fuel Tank
     42 | LUND                                                                                                                                        www.lundboats.com




lu.fa18_SSV_WC.indd 42                                                                                                                                                        9/26/18 12:21 PM
                                                                                                                                                              WC
                                                                                                                                                           16 / 14 / 12




                                       Boats may show factory and/
                                       or dealer installed options.
                                       Please see dealer for details.




        1                                        2




        3                                        4
        1. Simple but refined tiller
        control area 2. Heavy-duty bow and
        corner castings withstand hard use
        3. Heavy-duty aluminum motor plate
        4. Heavy-duty aft grab handle
        5. Oarlocks and durable gunnels
        can take a pounding


                                                 5


                                                                                                                           SPECIFICATIONS
                                 Maximum               Maximun          Transom   Fuel         Livewell            Maximum
          Length         Beam                                                                                                           Seats
                                   HP                  Capacity          Height   Tank         Systems            Rod Storage                                                    16
           16'2"         72"         25          1,150 lbs / 5 people   15"/20"    —              —                   —          3 cross, 2 split     16

           14'6"         69"         25          1,000 lbs / 4 people   15"/20"    —              —                   —          3 cross, 2 split     14                         14

           12'1"         61"         15            700 lbs / 3 people     15"      —              —                   —          3 cross, 2 split     12
                                                                                                                                                                                 12
                                                                                  Storage   Livewell   Baitwell    Seats   Seat Bases     Fuel Tank
        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                 Lund | 43




lu.fa18_SSV_WC.indd 43                                                                                                                                                      9/26/18 12:21 PM
                             A
                        14 / 12




                                                                                                               Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                                 or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                               Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                                   1                                 2




                                                                                                   3                                 4
                                                                                                                                     1. Heavy-duty corner castings
                                                                                                                                     enhance structural durability
                                                                                                                                     2. Extruded aluminum motor plates
                                                                                                                                     add toughness 3. Solid oarlocks
                                                                                                                                     and durable gunnels outlast heavy
                                                                                                                                     use 4. Aluminum bench seats
                                                                                                                                     provide ample passenger room
                                                                                                                                     5. Rugged bow corner castings
                                                                                                                                     strengthen the hull
                                                                                                   5


                                       SPECIFICATIONS
                                                              Maximum          Maximun       Transom    Fuel     Livewell                  Maximum
                                        Length     Beam                                                                                                       Seats
                                                                HP             Capacity       Height    Tank     Systems                  Rod Storage
                                  14     14'1"      61"           15           785 lbs           15"     —            —                         —             3 cross
                                                                               3 people
                                  12     12'1"      60"           10           645 lbs           15"     —            —                         —             3 cross
                                                                               3 people
          14            12
                                       Storage   Livewell   Baitwell   Seats   Seat Bases   Fuel Tank
     44 | LUND                                                                                                                                  www.lundboats.com




lu.fa18_A_Jon.indd 44                                                                                                                                                 9/26/18 12:22 PM
                                                                                                                                                  JON BOATS
                                                                                                                                                       10 to 18 feet




                                        Boats may show factory and/
                                        or dealer installed options.
                                        Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                                                                                          SPECIFICATIONS
                                Transom       Max. Person                Max. Weight                         Transom       Max. Person                 Max. Weight
                    Length Beam         Seats                                          Max. HP   Length Beam         Seats                                           Max. HP
                                 Height        Capacity                   Capacity                            Height        Capacity                    Capacity
        1852MT           18'     75"    20"       3 cross            6    1375 lbs.      45       14'     57"       15"    3 cross         3             552 lbs.       15        1436L
        1648M           15'10"   70"   15"/20"    3 cross            4     973 lbs.      35      11'11"   56"       15"    3 cross         3             527 lbs.       10        1236
        1648            15'10"   70"   15"/20"    3 cross            4     973 lbs.      35      11'10"   48"       15"    3 cross         2             335 lbs.       3         1232
        1448M            14'     70"   15"/20"    3 cross            4     825 lbs.      25       10'     48"       15"    3 cross         2             275 lbs.       3         1032
        1448             14'     70"   15"/20"    3 cross            4     825 lbs.      25
                                                                                                          Storage    Livewell   Baitwell       Seats    Seat Bases   Fuel Tank
        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                    Lund | 45




lu.fa18_A_Jon.indd 45                                                                                                                                                          9/26/18 12:22 PM
              PREDATOR
                           CC

                  2070 / 1870




                                                                                                                            Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                                              or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                                            Please see dealer for details.



     Mossy Oak® Break Up Pattern Shown




                                                                                                             1                                    2




                                                                                                             3                                    4
                                                                                                                                                  1. Convenient under-seat storage
                                                                                                                                                  holds gear 2. Optional Sponsons
                                                                                                                                                  offer quicker planing and easier
                                                                                                                                                  reboarding 3. Rod/gun holder keeps
                                                                                                                                                  everything within reach 4. Spacious
                                                                                                                                                  bow livewell/baitwell comes standard
                                                                                                                                                  5. Command console allows for easy
        Mossy Oak® Shadow Grass Pattern Shown                                                                                                     standing or leaning while operating
                                                                                                             5


                                                SPECIFICATIONS
                                                                       Maximum           Maximun       Transom    Fuel        Livewell                  Maximum
                                                 Length     Beam                                                                                                             Seats
                                                                         HP              Capacity       Height    Tank        Systems                  Rod Storage
                                         2070      20'       96"           150           1,762 lbs         20"    20 gal   Bow 43"/23 gal                    9'6"              2
                                                                                         7 people

                                         1870      18'       96"           90            1,478 lbs         20"    20 gal   Bow 43"/23 gal                    8'6"              2
                                                                                         7 people
        2070         1870
                                                Storage   Livewell   Baitwell    Seats   Seat Bases   Fuel Tank
     46 | LUND                                                                                                                                                www.lundboats.com




lu.fa18_Predator.indd 46                                                                                                                                                             9/26/18 12:23 PM
                                                                                                                                                           PREDATOR
                                                                                                                                                                          SS

                                                                                                                                                             2070 / 1870




                                          Boats may show factory and/
                                          or dealer installed options.
                                          Please see dealer for details.



                                                                                                                                                                         Dead Grass Green Pattern Shown




         1                                          2




         3                                          4
         1. Command console offers comfort
         and ease of use 2. Flip-up bench
         seat provides ample space for your
         gear 3. Convenient rod storage keeps
         everything within reach 4. Bow
         features 23-gallon livewell 5. Large
         bow provides plenty of casting space

                                                                                                                                                                  Mossy Oak® Break Up Pattern Shown
                                                    5


                                                                                                                                SPECIFICATIONS
                                    Maximum               Maximun          Transom   Fuel         Livewell             Maximum
           Length          Beam                                                                                                              Seats
                                      HP                  Capacity          Height   Tank         Systems             Rod Storage
              20'          96"          150                1,762 lbs         20"     20 gal     Bow 43"/23 gal           9'6"                 3            2070
                                                           7 people

              18'          96"           90                1,478 lbs         20"     20 gal     Bow 43"/23 gal           8'6"                 3            1870
                                                           7 people
                                                                                                                                                                           2070           1870
                                                                                     Storage   Livewell    Baitwell    Seats    Seat Bases     Fuel Tank
         www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                                Lund | 47




lu.fa18_Predator.indd 47                                                                                                                                                                    9/26/18 12:24 PM
              PREDATOR
                           Tiller

                  2070 / 1870




                                                                                                                        Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                                          or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                                        Please see dealer for details.



     Mossy Oak® Shadow Grass Pattern Shown




                                                                                                            1                                 2




                                                                                                            3                                 4
                                                                                                                                              1. Side rod and navigation light
                                                                                                                                              storage keeps everything out of
                                                                                                                                              the way 2. Swivel seating provides
                                                                                                                                              all-day comfort 3. Bow features
                                                                                                                                              23-gallon aerated livewell/baitwell
                                                                                                                                              and ample storage 4. Bag ladder
                                                                                                                                              provides boarding assistance
                                                                                                                                              5. Rear-mounted switches add
        Dead Grass Green Pattern Shown
                                                                                                                                              convenience
                                                                                                            5


                                                SPECIFICATIONS
                                                                       Maximum          Maximun       Transom    Fuel     Livewell                  Maximum
                                                 Length     Beam                                                                                                          Seats
                                                                         HP             Capacity       Height    Tank     Systems                  Rod Storage
                                         2070      20'       96"           90           1,762 lb          20"     —     Bow 43"/23 gal                   10'6"              1
                                                                                        7 people

                                         1870      18'       96"           75           1,478 lb          20"     —     Bow 43"/23 gal                   9'6"               1
                                                                                        6 people
        2070         1870
                                                Storage   Livewell   Baitwell   Seats   Seat Bases   Fuel Tank
     48 | LUND                                                                                                                                            www.lundboats.com




lu.fa18_Predator.indd 48                                                                                                                                                          9/26/18 12:24 PM
                                                                                                                                                             PREDATOR
                                                                                                                                                                    SS & Tiller

                                                                                                                                                                 1760 / 1660




                                           Boats may show factory and/
                                           or dealer installed options.
                                           Please see dealer for details.



                                                                                                                                             Dead Grass Green and Mossy Oak® Shadow Grass Patterns Shown




         1                                           2




         3                                           4
         1. Flip-up bench seat provides
         ample space for your gear (SS)
         2. Bow features 18-gallon livewell
         and pass-through storage 3. Swivel
         seating for all-day comfort 4. Side
         rod and navigation light storage
         keeps everything out of the way
         5. Dual seating (SS) keeps captain
                                                                                                                                                                    Mossy Oak® Break Up Pattern Shown
         and co-captain comfortable
                                                     5


                                                                                                                                SPECIFICATIONS
                                    Maximum                Maximun          Transom   Fuel         Livewell            Maximum
           Length          Beam                                                                                                              Seats
                                      HP                   Capacity          Height   Tank         Systems            Rod Storage                                                            1760 SS
              17'          85"           75           1,228 lb / 5 people     20"     20 gal    Bow 31"/18 gal           7'6"                   3            1760 SS

              17'          85"           60           1,228 lb / 5 people     20"      —        Bow 31"/18 gal           8'6"                   1            1760                                1760

              16'          85"           50           1,009 lb / 4 people     20"      —        Bow 31"/18 gal           7'6"                   1            1660
                                                                                                                                                                                                 1660
                                                                                      Storage   Livewell   Baitwell    Seats    Seat Bases       Fuel Tank
         www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                                 Lund | 49




lu.fa18_Predator.indd 49                                                                                                                                                                      9/28/18 11:28 AM
         ZX PONTOON
       Walk-Thru Dual Seating

                   250 / 230




                                                                                                                         Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                                           or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                                         Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                                   1                                           2




                                                                                                   3                                           4
                                                                                                                                               1. Sleek console dash features
                                                                                                                                               integrated storage 2. Stainless steel
                                                                                                                                               swim ladder makes water access
                                                                                                                                               easy 3. Optional captains chair
                                                                                                                                               allows for all-day cruising 4. Portside
                                                                                                                                               storage includes cupholders and dual
                                                                                                                                               USB charger (WTDS only) 5. Flip out
                                                                                                                                               helm storage compartment keeps
                                         250                            230                        5                                           you organized




                SPECIFICATIONS
                  Overall      Pontoon      Tube     Beam      Weight         People Capacity   Max Weight       Fuel        Fuel Capacity            Fuel Capacity        Max HP
                  Length        Length    Diameter   Width    (2/3 Tubes)        (2/3 Tubes)     (2/3 Tubes)   Capacity       (Sport Package)             (Performance)   (2/3 Tubes)

          250      25'8"        24'4"          25"    8'6"   2646/3149 lb          13/14        2427/2729 lb    29 gal             29 gal                    49 gal        175/300

          230      23'8"        22'4"          25"    8'6"   2454/2924 lb          11/12        2134/2449 lb    29 gal             29 gal                    49 gal        175/250




     50 | LUND                                                                                                                                               www.lundboats.com




lu.fa18_Pontoon-REV2.indd 50                                                                                                                                                      9/26/18 12:36 PM
                                                                                                                                                       ZX PONTOON
                                                                                                                                                                 Walk-Thru

                                                                                                                                                                 250 / 230




                                           Boats may show factory and/
                                           or dealer installed options.
                                           Please see dealer for details.




         1                                           2




         3                                           4
        1. Optional VesselView provides all
        your information 2. Optional dock-
        ing lights add safety after sunset
        3. Portside lounger includes recessed
        cupholders and dual USB charger
        4. Stainless steel flip-up cleat allows
        for easy tie-ups 5. Table with cup-
        holders makes entertaining natural
                                                     5                                             250                               230



                                                                                                                                                              SPECIFICATIONS
          Overall     Pontoon         Tube         Beam               Weight      People Capacity        Max Weight       Fuel     Fuel Capacity     Fuel Capacity    Max HP
          Length       Length       Diameter       Width            (2/3 Tubes)      (2/3 Tubes)          (2/3 Tubes)   Capacity   (Sport Package)   (Performance)   (2/3 Tubes)

            25'8"         24'4"         25"          8'6"         2669/3176 lb         13/14             2427/2729 lb    29 gal        29 gal           49 gal       175/300        250

            23'8"         24'4"         25"          8'6"         2474/2944 lb         11/12             2134/2449 lb    29 gal        29 gal           49 gal       175/250        230




        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                          Lund | 51




lu.fa18_Pontoon.indd 51                                                                                                                                                             9/28/18 11:30 AM
         ZX PONTOON
                Fish & Cruise

                   230 / 250




                                                                                                                        Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                                          or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                                        Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                                  1                                           2




                                                                                                  3                                           4
                                                                                                                                              1. Fish station keeps anglers prepared
                                                                                                                                              with built-in storage and livewell/
                                                                                                                                              baitwell with bait bag. 2. Integrated
                                                                                                                                              washdown system makes clean-up
                                                                                                                                              easy 3. Pro Ride fish seat lets you
                                                                                                                                              cast in comfort 4. Starboard side
                                                                                                                                              rod locker keeps your arsenal close
                                                                                                                                              5. Portside lounger includes speaker
                                          250                          230                        5                                           and cupholders




                SPECIFICATIONS
                  Overall      Pontoon     Tube     Beam      Weight         People Capacity   Max Weight       Fuel        Fuel Capacity            Fuel Capacity        Max HP
                  Length        Length   Diameter   Width    (2/3 Tubes)        (2/3 Tubes)     (2/3 Tubes)   Capacity       (Sport Package)             (Performance)   (2/3 Tubes)

          250      25'8"        24'4"      25"       8'6"   2619/3126 lb          13/14        2427/2729 lb    29 gal             29 gal                    49 gal       175/300

          230      23'8"        22'4"      25"       8'6"   2437/2907 lb          11/12        2134/2449 lb    29 gal             29 gal                    49 gal       175/250




     52 | LUND                                                                                                                                              www.lundboats.com




lu.fa18_Pontoon-REV2.indd 52                                                                                                                                                     9/26/18 12:36 PM
                                                                                                                                                     LX PONTOON
                                                                                                                                                                   Cruise

                                                                                                                                                         240 / 220 / 200




                                         Boats may show factory and/
                                         or dealer installed options.
                                         Please see dealer for details.




        1                                          2




        3                                          4
        1. Optional plush Captain's Chair
        makes navigating comfortable
        2. Optional aft changing station
        tucks neatly away 3. Seating fea-
        tures double-stitched quilted lower
        lumbar area 4. Standard table with
        tan interior includes two cupholders
        5. Modular helm features sleek dash
        with stereo, two-level footrest and
        storage compartment
                                                   5                                             240                             220                               200



                                                                                                                                                            SPECIFICATIONS
          Overall     Pontoon       Tube         Beam               Weight      People Capacity        Max Weight       Fuel     Fuel Capacity     Fuel Capacity          Max HP
          Length       Length     Diameter       Width            (2/3 Tubes)      (2/3 Tubes)          (2/3 Tubes)   Capacity   (Sport Package)   (Performance)         (2/3 Tubes)

           25'9"         24"          25"          8'6"         2765/3125 lb      12-13/14-15          2291/2691 lb    28 gal          28 gal         37 gal             175/200        240

           23'5"         22"          25"          8'6"         2540/2875 lb      10-11/12-13          2054/2396 lb    28 gal          28 gal         37 gal             150/200        220

           21'1"         20"          25"          8'6"         2305/2600 lb        9-10/11            1903/2211 lb    28 gal          28 gal         37 gal             115/175        200


        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                              Lund | 53




lu.fa18_Pontoon-REV2.indd 53                                                                                                                                                             9/26/18 12:37 PM
          LX PONTOON
       Walk-Thru Dual Seating

              240 / 220 / 200




                                                                                                                        Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                                          or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                                        Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                                  1                                           2




                                                                                                  3                                           4
                                                                                                                                              1. Helm features sleek dash w/ stereo
                                                                                                                                              and gauges, ergonomic steering wheel
                                                                                                                                              and two-level footrest 2. Optional port
                                                                                                                                              Captain's Chair offers ultimate comfort
                                                                                                                                              3. Two standard courtesy lights provide
                                                                                                                                              onboard safety 4. Standard throw
                                                                                                                                              cubby at helm keeps small items at the
                                                                                                                                              ready 5. Standard table w/ cupholders
       240                                220                          200                        5                                           accommodates gatherings




                SPECIFICATIONS
                  Overall      Pontoon     Tube     Beam      Weight         People Capacity   Max Weight       Fuel        Fuel Capacity            Fuel Capacity         Max HP
                  Length        Length   Diameter   Width    (2/3 Tubes)        (2/3 Tubes)     (2/3 Tubes)   Capacity       (Sport Package)             (Performance)    (2/3 Tubes)

          240      25'9"         24"       25"       8'6"   2765/3125 lb       12-13/14-15     2291/2691 lb    28 gal             28 gal                    37 gal       175/200 (L-6)

          220      23'5"         22"       25"       8'6"   2540/2875 lb       10-11/12-13     2054/2396 lb    28 gal             28 gal                    37 gal       150/200 (L-4)

          200      21'1"         20"       25"       8'6"   2305/2600 lb         9-10/11       1903/2211 lb    28 gal             28 gal                    37 gal         115/175


     54 | LUND                                                                                                                                              www.lundboats.com




lu.fa18_Pontoon-REV2.indd 54                                                                                                                                                      9/26/18 12:37 PM
                                                                                                                                                      LX PONTOON
                                                                                                                                                                Walk-Thru

                                                                                                                                                          240 / 220 / 200




                                          Boats may show factory and/
                                          or dealer installed options.
                                          Please see dealer for details.




        1                                           2




        3                                           4
        1. Optional flip-up changing room
        offers privacy 2. Standard reclining
        helm chair delivers exceptional all-day
        comfort 3. Upgraded steering wheel
        delivers style, comfort and control
        4. Optional washdown makes cleaning
        a breeze 5. Standard glovebox provides
        convenient storage at your fingertips
                                                    5                                             240                             220                               200



                                                                                                                                                             SPECIFICATIONS
          Overall     Pontoon        Tube         Beam               Weight      People Capacity        Max Weight       Fuel     Fuel Capacity     Fuel Capacity          Max HP
          Length       Length      Diameter       Width            (2/3 Tubes)      (2/3 Tubes)          (2/3 Tubes)   Capacity   (Sport Package)   (Performance)         (2/3 Tubes)

           25'9"         24"          25"           8'6"         2765/3125 lb      12-13/14-15          2291/2691 lb    28 gal          28 gal         37 gal        175/200 (L-6)       240

           23'5"         22"          25"           8'6"         2540/2875 lb      10-11/12-13          2054/2396 lb    28 gal          28 gal         37 gal        150/200 (L-4)       220

           21'1"         20"          25"           8'6"         2305/2600 lb        9-10/11            1903/2211 lb    28 gal          28 gal         37 gal             115/175        200


        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                               Lund | 55




lu.fa18_Pontoon-REV2.indd 55                                                                                                                                                              9/26/18 12:37 PM
          LX PONTOON
                Fish & Cruise

              240 / 220 / 200




                                                                                                                        Boats may show factory and/
                                                                                                                          or dealer installed options.
                                                                                                                        Please see dealer for details.




                                                                                                  1                                           2




                                                                                                  3                                           4
                                                                                                                                              1. Standard tilt wheel provides
                                                                                                                                              comfort for captains of all sizes
                                                                                                                                              2. Aft pilot chair upgrade delivers
                                                                                                                                              exceptional all-day comfort 3. Standard
                                                                                                                                              aft fish station includes split door for
                                                                                                                                              easy access to aerated livewell/baitwell
                                                                                                                                              4. Standard rod locker holds four 8' rods
                                                                                                                                              5. Bow features comfortable, stylish
        240                               220                          200                        5                                           dual lounges and table (upgraded table
                                                                                                                                              shown)


                SPECIFICATIONS
                  Overall      Pontoon     Tube     Beam      Weight         People Capacity   Max Weight       Fuel        Fuel Capacity            Fuel Capacity         Max HP
                  Length        Length   Diameter   Width    (2/3 Tubes)        (2/3 Tubes)     (2/3 Tubes)   Capacity       (Sport Package)             (Performance)    (2/3 Tubes)

          240      25'9"         24"       25"       8'6"   2765/3125 lb       12-13/14-15     2291/2691 lb    28 gal             28 gal                    37 gal       175/200 (L-6)

          220      23'5"         22"       25"       8'6"   2540/2875 lb       10-11/12-13     2054/2396 lb    28 gal             28 gal                    37 gal       150/200 (L-4)

          200      21'1"         20"       25"       8'6"   2305/2600 lb         9-10/11       1903/2211 lb    28 gal             28 gal                    37 gal         115/175


     56 | LUND                                                                                                                                              www.lundboats.com




lu.fa18_Pontoon-REV2.indd 56                                                                                                                                                      9/26/18 12:37 PM
                                                                                                                                                      LX PONTOON
                                                                                                                                                                     Fish

                                                                                                                                                          240 / 220 / 200




                                          Boats may show factory and/
                                          or dealer installed options.
                                          Please see dealer for details.




        1                                           2




        3                                           4
        1. Horizontal rod locker keeps rods
        secure and out of the way 2. Optional
        pop-up speaker delivers great sound
        3. Aft tackle station comes with
        plentiful storage for all your tackle
        4. Port bow livewell keep your catches
        lively 5. Standard fishing seat is
        comfortable and convenient
                                                    5                                             240                             220                               200



                                                                                                                                                             SPECIFICATIONS
          Overall     Pontoon        Tube         Beam               Weight      People Capacity        Max Weight       Fuel     Fuel Capacity     Fuel Capacity          Max HP
          Length       Length      Diameter       Width            (2/3 Tubes)      (2/3 Tubes)          (2/3 Tubes)   Capacity   (Sport Package)   (Performance)         (2/3 Tubes)

           25'9"         24"          25"           8'6"         2765/3125 lb      12-13/14-15          2291/2691 lb    28 gal          28 gal         37 gal        175/200 (L-6)       240

           23'5"         22"          25"           8'6"         2540/2875 lb      10-11/12-13          2054/2396 lb    28 gal          28 gal         37 gal        150/200 (L-4)       220

           21'1"         20"          25"           8'6"         2305/2600 lb        9-10/11            1903/2211 lb    28 gal          28 gal         37 gal             115/175        200


        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                               Lund | 57




lu.fa18_Pontoon-REV2.indd 57                                                                                                                                                              9/26/18 12:38 PM
     ZX Pontoon Overheads
                        ZX PONTOON             ZX PONTOON    ZX PONTOON
                      Walk-Thru Dual Seating     Walk-Thru    Fish & Cruise




                               CLOSED            CLOSED         CLOSED
                               OPEN               OPEN           OPEN




     58 | LUND                                                    www.lundboats.com




lu.fa18_Pontoon-REV2.indd 58                                                   9/26/18 12:38 PM
                                 ZX Pontoon Options & Accessories

        STANDARD FEATURES




        Premium table w/ wine glass holders   Helm door mounted recycle can            Additional flip storage on console       In–lounge cupholders & dual USB
                                                                                                                                charger




        Flip–up cleat                         Tackle station drawers w/ tray storage   Stainless steel flip ladder              Gauges (tach/speed/fuel/trim/depth)
                                              (LFC – tackle trays not included)




        OPTIONS




        Ski tow bar                           Docking lights                           Changing room                            Active trim




        Bow half gate (LFC)                   Trolling motor plug (LFC)                24 volt trolling motor battery sliding   VesselView™ 703
                                                                                       storage tray under console (LFC)




        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                    Lund | 59




lu.fa18_Pontoon.indd 59                                                                                                                                        9/28/18 11:30 AM
     ZX Pontoon Options & Accessories
          SEATING




                Captain's Chair Grey                Captain's Chair Tan                      Fish Seat (LFC)                             Pilot Chair Tan



          FENCE COLORS



                                                                                                                                         Optional Accent Colors:




          Metallic Black Ice               Bronze Metallic                Pearl Frost Metallic            Metallic Charcoal              Black       White         Bronze
                                                                                                                                         Metallic    Diamond       Metallic
                                                                                                                                                     Metallic


          GREY INTERIOR FLOORING OPTIONS                                                         TAN INTERIOR FLOORING OPTIONS




          Grey Designer         Grey TPO            Grey Teak                                    Golden Sand       Tan TPO              Tan Teak
          Weave                                                                                  Seagrass




          SPECIAL PACKAGES
               SPORT
             PERFORMANCE PLUS
               CONVENIENC
           LUXURY

                                                                Sport Package                                                 Performance Plus Package



     60 | LUND                                                                                                                                      www.lundboats.com




lu.fa18_Pontoon.indd 60                                                                                                                                                 9/28/18 3:56 PM
                                                                                        ZX Special Packages

        LIGHTING PACKAGE
        Features bright integrated LED lights to illuminate cupholders, stereo speakers and lounge seating. Also included are exterior docking lights to
        ensure safe nighttime boating.




            upholders
           C               Speakers      Seat Bases        Docking Lights




        FISHING PACKAGE
        Features half bow gate, trolling motor plug outlet and under-console two-battery sliding tray to ensure excellent fishability.




           Half Bow Gate     Trolling Motor Plug Outlet      2 Battery Trays Under Console




        LUXURY PACKAGE
        Features a Captain's Chair for ultimate driving comfort, a ski tow bar, portable cupholders and dock bumpers with quick-release brackets to ensure
        efficient docking.




            Ski Tow Bar     Captain's Seat Upgrade        Portable Cupholder     Bumpers w/ Quick-Release Brackets




        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                           Lund | 61




lu.fa18_Pontoon.indd 61                                                                                                                               9/28/18 3:55 PM
     LX Pontoon Overheads

       LX PONTOON              LX PONTOON    LX PONTOON       LX PONTOON   LX PONTOON
     Walk-Thru Dual Seating      Walk-Thru    Fish & Cruise      Cruise         Fish




                 CLOSED          CLOSED         CLOSED          CLOSED        CLOSED
                   OPEN           OPEN           OPEN            OPEN          OPEN




     62 | LUND                                                              www.lundboats.com




lu.fa18_Pontoon-REV2.indd 62                                                             9/26/18 12:39 PM
                                    LX Pontoon Options & Accessories
        STANDARD FEATURES




        Helm w/ stereo and gauges                10' bimini top                          Helm glove box                           Kicker stereo




                                                          Greywood table w/ cupholders                                        Mahogany table w/ cupholders
                                                          (Standard w/ grey Interior)                                         (Standard w/ tan Interior)




        OPTIONS




        Stainless steel flip-up cleat            Ski tow bar                             Changing room (WT floorplan shown)       Stainless steel ladder




        VesselView®                              Onboard charger with remote plug        Stitched brow                            Washdown system
                                                                                         (Luxury Package required)                (LC/WT/WTDS models only)




        Black acrylic table w/ four cupholders   Rockford Fosgate® stereo                In-floor ski locker w/ auto bilge        Docking lights
                                                                                         (Performance Plus Package only)

        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                    Lund | 63




lu.fa18_Pontoon-REV2.indd 63                                                                                                                                   9/26/18 12:39 PM
     LX Pontoon Options & Accessories
          SEATING
                      STANDARD




                                                                                                     OPTIONAL
                                 Fish Chair in Grey or Tan    Reclining Pilot Chair                             ProRide Seats in Grey or Tan    Helm Captain's Chair


          FENCE COLORS



                                                                                                                                                        Optional Accent Colors:




               Blue Sapphire                         Bronze Sand Metallic             Onyx Black                        Grey Platinum                   Black          Tan        Grey



          FLOORING




               Grey Seagrass             Grey Teak            Grey TPO                Tan Seagrass          Golden Sand           Tan Teak             Tan TPO
                                                                                                            Seagrass


               SPECIAL PACKAGES
                  ONVENIENCE PACKAGE features a quick-release fender system, stainless steel flip-up
                 C
                 cleats, an upgraded steering wheel and portable cupholder.

           L
             UXURY PACKAGE features a Captain’s Chair, a stitched-brow upgrade to the helm, stainless
            steel cupholders, LED rope lighting at the seating base, a black acrylic table and a stainless
            steel boarding ladder.

                  PORT PACKAGE promotes improved buoyancy, speed and maneuverability for epic
                 S
                 watersports adventures, thanks to the addition of a lowered center tube that creates a V-hull
                 feel, lifting strakes on the inside of outer tubes, a reinforced nose cone, a full skin kit and a
                 full keel.

                ERFORMANCE PLUS offers increased buoyancy, greater control, and improved speed,
                 P
                 maneuverability and fuel capacity for a smoother, performance-forward ride. The package
                 includes a 25-inch full-length lowered center tube, lifting strakes on all tubes, a reinforced                                Sport Package            Performance Plus
                 nose cone, a skin kit, a full keel, an optional in-floor locker and a 37-gallon fuel tank.                                                                  Package



     64 | LUND                                                                                                                                                   www.lundboats.com




lu.fa18_Pontoon.indd 64                                                                                                                                                                  9/28/18 3:54 PM
                                                                                                                         SportTrak™

        SportTrak™ ACCESSORIES SYSTEM
        Attach a variety of accessories like rod holders, cup holders and even electronics to your Lund without drilling holes in your boat. Heavy-duty
        SportTrak™ brackets mount securely along patented SportTrak™ gunnels so you can position gear just about anywhere. Available on Pro-V,
        Baron, Tyee, Sport Angler, Explorer, Impact, Pro Guide, Rebel XL, Outfitter, Alaskan and Predator models.




        Rod bracket (Sport Angler only)                                                   Downrigger bracket for angled SportTrak (available on most aluminum models)




        Cupholders                                         Tool holder (tools included)                               Rod holder w/ optional extension




        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                      Lund | 65




lu.fa18_Pontoon-REV2.indd 65                                                                                                                                     9/26/18 12:44 PM
     Options & Accessories
     TRAILERS




      Standard Roller trailer                                 Tandem Standard Roller trailer




      Standard Bunk trailer




      Tandem Custom Bunk trailer (galvanized trailer shown)




     66 | LUND                                                                                 www.lundboats.com




lu.fa18_Options_Accessories.indd 66                                                                         9/26/18 12:47 PM
                                                                                                         Options & Accessories
        TOP SETS
        Premium high-quality materials, easy-to-use designs and attention to detail distinguish Lund top sets.*




         Complete top set (1775 Adventure shown – style will vary by model. Eisenglass available on               Optional sport top (Sport models only)
         2175/2075/1975/1875 Pro-V, 2275 Baron, Magnum/2075/1900/1800 Tyee, 1875/1775 Crossover,
         2025/1875/1775/1675 Impact) *Full canvas enclose should be used only when boat is anchored or at rest.




         Bimini top                                                                                               Premium sport top




        OPTIONAL DECAL PACKAGES
        Lund’s optional camouflage designs cover the interior and exterior surfaces for ultimate performance.




         Lund Wetlands® camouflage exterior (available on Alaskan)                                                Lund Fall Marsh color option (available on select models)




        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                     Lund | 67




lu.fa18_Options_Accessories.indd 67                                                                                                                                             9/26/18 12:47 PM
     Options & Accessories




                   Grey pilot chair                  Grey captain's chair                   Grey standard seat                         ProRide seat




      Aft flip-up seat (2175/2075/1975/1875 Pro-V)    Aft flip-up seat (2175/2075/1975/1875 Pro-V)          Aft flip-up seat (2175/2075/1975/1875 Pro-V) in
                                                                                                            lowered position with optional ski pylon




     Tan bow cushions – Crossover & Tyee              Grey bow cushions – Crossover, Tyee, Impact XS,       Aft flip-up seat (2175/2075 Pro-V, Impact, Fury XL)
     (Crossover shown)                                Adventure (Sport) (Crossover shown)




     68 | LUND                                                                                                                         www.lundboats.com




lu.fa18_Options_Accessories.indd 68                                                                                                                        9/28/18 11:31 AM
                                                                                Options & Accessories




        Premium audio (includes Rockford Fosgate® stereo   Tilt steering (see dealer for specific model availability)   Ski pylon (Pro-V, Pro-V Bass, Baron, Tyee
        and speakers)                                                                                                   [not Magnum], Crossover, Impact XS, Adventure)




        Splash pan inserts (Pro-V, Impact and Adventure)   Bow rock guard                                               Mooring cover




         Travel cover                                                                     Premium travel cover (Pro-V, Baron, Tyee, Crossover)




         Premium graphics




        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                        Lund | 69




lu.fa18_Options_Accessories.indd 69                                                                                                                                9/26/18 12:48 PM
     Options & Accessories




     Bag ladder combined (Optional: SSV, WC, A;   4-step transom mount ladder (Standard: Sport   Splash pan ladder (Impact [not XS])
     Standard: Rebel, Fury, Predator)             Angler, Impact [not XS], Pro Guide, Fury XL,
                                                  Outfitter, Alaskan)




     Composite flooring (Alaskan, Outfitter)      Professional 3-bank charger                    VesselView™




     Washdown system (Sport Angler shown)         Bow baitwell                                   Starboard rod tubes (Impact shown)




     Snap-in carpet                               Snap-in marine mat                             Panther power steering




     70 | LUND                                                                                                              www.lundboats.com




lu.fa18_Options_Accessories.indd 70                                                                                                      9/26/18 12:46 PM
                                                                                                                                                                                        Aluminum Colors




                                                                                                                          Impact & Impact XS
                                                        Pro-V Bass/XS




                                                                                                           Sport Angler




                                                                                                                                                                            Adventure
                                                                                               Crossover




                                                                                                                                                   Pro Guide


                                                                                                                                                               Renegade




                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Outfitter




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Predator
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Alaskan
                                                                                                                                                                                                     Fury XL
                                                                        Baron
             Standard Color
                                              Pro-V
        ✓




                                                                                                                                                                                            Rebel
                                                                                        Tyee




                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Fury




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      SSV




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Jon
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              WC
        ●    Optional Color




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     A
         FREEBOARD COLORS
                            Lund Red          ✓           ✓             ✓               ✓       ✓           ✓               ✓                          ✓        ✓            ✓              ✓         ✓            ✓         ✓             ✓          —       —         —    —        —
                          Arctic White        ✓           ✓             ✓               ✓       ✓           ✓               ✓                          ✓        ✓            ✓              ✓         ✓            ✓         ✓             ✓          ●       ●         —    —        —
                          Cobalt Blue         ✓           ✓             ✓               ✓       ✓           ✓               ✓                          ✓        ✓            ✓              ✓         ✓            ✓         ✓             ✓          ●       ●         —    —        —
                   Graphite Metallic          ✓           ✓             ✓               ✓       ✓           ✓               ✓                          ✓        ✓            ●               ●        ●            ●        —              ✓          —       —         —    —        —
                          Wildfire Red        —         —               —               —      —           —               —                           —       —            —               —        —             —        —             —           ✓       ✓         —    —        —
                                Black         ✓           ✓             ✓               ✓       ✓           ✓               ✓                          ✓        ✓            ✓              ✓         ✓            ✓         ✓             ✓          ✓       ✓         —    —        —
                   Olive Drab Green           —                         —               —      —           —               —                           —       —            —               —        —             —        —             —           —       —         —    ✓        —
                   Lund Fall Marsh            —         —               —               —      —           —               —                           —       —            —               —        —             ●         ●             ●          ●       ●          ●   —        —
                Dead Grass Green              —         —               —               —      —           —               —                           —       —            —               —        —             —        —             —           —       —         —    —         ✓
                       Dessert Sand           —         —               —               —      —           —               —                           —       —            —               —        —             —        —             —           —       —         —    —         ●

            Mossy Oak® Breakup                —         —               —               —      —           —               —                           —       —            —               —        —             —        —             —           —       —         —    —         ●

          Mossy Oak Shadow Grass
                      ®
                                              —         —               —               —      —           —               —                           —       —            —               —        —             —        —             —           —       —         —    —         ●

                    HULL COLORS
                           Silverstone        ✓         —               ✓               ✓       ✓           ✓               ✓                          ✓       —             ●              —        —             —        —             —           —       —         —    —        —
                            Aluminum          —         —               —               —      —           —               —                           —       —            —               ✓        —             ✓         ✓             ✓          ✓       ✓          ✓   —        —
                          Arctic White        —         —               —               —      —           —               —                           —        ●           —               —        —             —        —             —           —       —         —    —        —
                            Lund Red          —         —               —               —      —           —               —                           —        ●           —               —        —             —        —             —           —       —         —    —        —
                                Black         —         —               —               —      —           —               —                           —        ●           —               —        —             —        —             —           —       —         —    —        —
                          Satin Beige         —         —               ✓               ✓       ✓          —               —                           —       —            —               —        —             —        —             —           —       —         —    —        —

            INTERIOR COLORS
                               Bronze         —         —               ✓               ✓       ✓          —               —                           —       —            —               —        —             —        —             —           —       —         —    —        —
                      Midnight Star           ✓           ✓             ✓               ✓       ✓           ✓               ✓                          ✓        ✓            ✓              ✓         ✓            —        —             —           —       —         —    —        —
                           Grey Fleck         —         —               —               —      —           —               —                           —       —            —               —        —             ✓         ✓             ✓          ✓       ✓          ✓   —        —

             DECAL PACKAGES

                    Lund Wetlands®            —         —               —               —      —           —               —                           —       —            —               —        —             —        —              ●          —       —         —    —        —


        EXTERIOR OPTIONS

                                                                                   Graphite                                                                                                                    Olive                                         Aluminum
         Lund Red              Arctic White           Cobalt Blue                  Metallic                Satin Beige                                 Wildfire Red                 Black                      Drab Green               Silverstone          Hull

        INTERIOR OPTIONS                                                                                                                                             SPORTSMAN OPTIONS

                               carpet                                           carpet                                                                                                              Fall Marsh &                                            Mossy Oak®
                                                                                                                                           vinyl                      Fall Marsh                    Wetlands seating              Dead Grass Green          Breakup
                               vinyl                                            vinyl

                                                                                                                                                                      Wetlands®                     Fall Marsh &                                            Mossy Oak®
          Bronze               seats              Midnight Star                 seats               Grey Fleck                                 seats                  exterior only                 Wetlands flooring             Desert Sand               Shadow Grass
        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Lund | 71




lu.fa18_Options_Accessories.indd 71                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 9/28/18 11:31 AM
     Fiberglass Features & Options

                                                                                                         Fiberglass Colors
                                                                                                         Freeboard / Swoosh / Interior




                                                                                                         Red / White / Gunmetal



     Optional full canvas *Full canvas enclosure should be   Optional sport top
     used only when boat is anchored or at rest.



                                                                                                         Black / White / Gunmetal




                                                                                                         Gunmetal / Silver / Silver




     Optional ski pylon                                      Aft storage pod (219 & 202 Pro-V GL only)
                                                                                                         Red / Silver / Gunmetal




                                                                                                         Black / Silver / Gunmetal




                                                                                                         Blue / Silver / Gunmetal
     Marine mat (189 GL)                                     Tandem trailer with diamond plate fender




                                                                                                         White / Gunmetal / Gunmetal




                                                                                                         Burgundy / Gunmetal / Gunmetal




     72 | LUND                                                                                                                         www.lundboats.com




lu.fa18_Standards_Options.indd 72                                                                                                                    9/26/18 1:20 PM
                                         STANDARDS & OPTIONS
                                    Lund boats come packed with standard fishing amenities and a host of options to deliver the
                                               best on-water experience possible. Find out what's onboard your Lund of choice.




lu.fa18_Standards_Options.indd 73                                                                                           9/26/18 1:20 PM
     Standard & Optional Equipment




                                                                                                                                                Impact & Impact XS
                                                                                                                             Sport Angler
                                                Pro-V Bass




                                                                                                                 Crossover
                                                                 Pro-V GL




                                                                                                       Tyee GL
     ✓    Standard Feature




                                                                            Baron
                                     Pro-V




                                                                                         Tyee
     ●    Optional Equipment


                CONVENIENCE

                                                                                                                                              Imp - ●
          Add-on Rear Flip Seats      ●          na              na         na           na            na        na           na
                                                                                                                                            Imp XS - na


                                             Bass - na                                                                                       Imp - na
      Integrated Rear Jump Seats     na                          na          ✓            ✓             ✓         ✓           na
                                              XS - ✓                                                                                        Imp XS - ✓



               Livewell Pump Out      ✓           ✓               ✓          ✓           na            na        na           na                 na



                                             Bass - na
                    ProRide Seats     ✓                           ✓          ✓            ✓             ✓         ✓             ●                   ●
                                              XS - ✓


                                             Bass - na         189 - ●                18/19 - ●      189 - ●
                AirRide Pedestals     ✓                      202/208/219     ✓                                     ●            ●                   ●
                                              XS - ✓             -✓                 20/20 Mag - ✓    208 - ✓


                                             Bass - na         189 - ✓                18/19 - ✓      189 - ✓
                   Solid Pedestals   na                      202/208/219    na                                    ✓            ✓                   ✓
                                             XS - na                                20/20 Mag - na   208 - na
                                                                 - na


                                                                                    18/19/20 - opt                                           Imp - na
                     Bow Cushion     na          na              na          ●                          ●          ●          na
                                                                                     20 Mag - na                                            Imp XS - ●



                      Travel Cover    ●           ●                ●         ●            ●             ●          ●            ●                   ●




                 Twin-Plated Bow      ✓           ✓              na          ✓            ✓            na         ✓            ✓                   ✓



               Washdown System        ●          na                ●         ●      20/20 mag - ●      na        na            ✓            2025 XS - ●




                 Fire Extinguisher    ✓           ✓               ✓          ✓            ✓             ✓          ●            ●                   ●




                            Stereo    ✓           ●               ✓          ✓            ✓             ✓         ✓             ●                   ●




                             Horn     ✓           ✓               ✓          ✓            ✓             ✓         ✓            ✓                   ✓




     74 | LUND                                                                                                               www.lundboats.com




lu.fa18_Standards_Options.indd 74                                                                                                                                    9/28/18 11:32 AM
                                                      Standard & Optional Equipment




                                                                                                   Fury XL & Fury




                                                                                                                                            SSV, WC, A
                                                                          Adventure
                                              Pro Guide




                                                          Renegade




                                                                                                                    Outfitter




                                                                                                                                                             Predator
                                                                                                                                Alaskan
         ✓    Standard Feature




                                                                                      Rebel
         l    Optional Equipment

                    CONVENIENCE

                                                                                                Fury - na
               Add-on Rear Flip Seats          na         na              na          na                            na          na           na               na
                                                                                               Fury XL - l


                                                                     Sport/SS - ✓
          Integrated Rear Jump Seats          na          na                          na            na              na          na           na               na
                                                                      Tiller - na



                   Livewell Pump Out          na           ✓               na         na            na              na          na           na               na



                                           16/17 - l
                        ProRide Seats                       l              na          l            na                l          l           na               na
                                           18/20 - ✓



                    AirRide Pedestals           l           l              na          l            na                l          l           na               na




                       Solid Pedestals         ✓           ✓               ✓           ✓             ✓               ✓           ✓           na               ✓



                                                                       Sport - l
                         Bow Cushion           na         na                          na            na              na          na           na               na
                                                                     SS/Tiller - na

                                                                                              Fury - Mooring
                                                                                                Cover - l                                 Mooring
                          Travel Cover          l           l               l         opt                             l          l                            na
                                                                                                                                          Cover - l
                                                                                               Fury XL - l


                     Twin-Plated Bow           ✓          na               ✓          na            na               ✓          na           na               na




                   Washdown System         2075 - l       na              na          na            na              na          na           na               na




                     Fire Extinguisher          l           l               l          l              l               l          l           na               na


                                                                                              Fury & Fury XL
                                                                     Sport/SS - l               Tiller - na
                                Stereo          l           l                         na                            na          na           na               na
                                                                      Tiller - na              Fury XL SS/
                                                                                                Sport - l


                                    Horn                                                        Fury - na                                                CC & SS - ✓
                                               ✓           ✓               ✓           ✓                            na           l           na
                                                                                               Fury XL - ✓                                                Tiller - na




        www.lundboats.com                                                                                                                                   Lund | 75




lu.fa18_Standards_Options.indd 75                                                                                                                                  9/26/18 1:20 PM
     Powerful Partners
                                                                                      Lund Gear


                                    Lund prides itself on delivering the most
                                    rugged and dependable boats in the fish-
                                    ing industry, so it’s no surprise that Lund
                                    teams up with Mercury® Marine to provide
                                    the solid and efficient power to get you
                                    there and back. Mercury is an industry
                                    leader in four-stroke technology, and all of
                                    its engines run smoothly and responsively
                                    in any water conditions. Check out
                                    Mercury’s latest and greatest offerings
                                    here, and for more information, visit
                                    www.mercurymarine.com.

                                    MERCURY FOURSTROKE
                                    Designed to deliver unsurpassed power and
                                    performance in an efficient, reliable package,
                                    the new FourStroke V-8 and V-6 outboards
                                    are the smallest and lightest in their class.
                                    They’re engineered to go the distance and to
                                    make every adventure all it should be.

                                    SPITFIRE PROPELLER
                                    Mercury’s FourStroke outboards have a part-
                                    ner in crime: the Spitfire propeller. Four bold
                                    and uncompromising blades with high rake
                                    angles and extra cup give Mercury’s Four-
                                    Strokes greater acceleration without compro-
                                    mising top speed.

                                    150 FOURSTROKE
                                    The 150 FourStroke is the lightest, most
                                    versatile and most durable outboard in its
                                    power class. Its remarkably low maintenance
                                    and top-of-the-line fuel efficiency allow
                                    fishermen (and their families) to spend more
                                    time out on the water. Sleek and reliable, the
                                    150 FourStroke has everything you need.
                                                                                      WEAR WITH PRIDE
                                                                                      You wouldn’t be caught in any boat but a Lund while
                                                                                      fishing your favorite waters. Now you can further
                                                                                      look the part of a hardcore angler, thanks to Lund’s
                                                                                      extensive line of apparel. Men, women and chil-
                                                                                      dren can sport clothing with a range of Lund logos
                                                                                      from past to present, plus hats for sun protection.
                                                                                      Show your Lund pride along with the pros by visiting
                                                                                      lundboats.com and clicking on Gear.




     76 | LUND                                                                                                           www.lundboats.com




lu.fa18_Standards_Options.indd 76                                                                                                            9/28/18 3:53 PM
                                                                                                                                                 BOATING’S BEST
                                                                                                                                                 LIFETIME WARRANTY
                                                                                                                                                 Lund’s Lifetime Limited Warranty gives you the
                                                                                                                                                 best overall coverage available. From bow to
                                                                                                                                                 stern, gunwale to gunwale, your new Lund is
                                                                                                                                                 backed with a transferable* warranty—and
                                                                                                                                                 Lund’s promise that we’ll make sure any
                                                                                                                                                 claims are handled with speed, ease and our
                                                                                                                                                 full support.

                                                                                                                                                 It’s because Lund boats are built so well that
                                                                                                                                                 we can afford to give you this superior warranty.
                                                                                                                                                 We don’t think you’ll need it; we have that much
                                                                                                                                                 confidence in our boats. But if you do need war-
                                                                                                                                                 ranty support, you can be sure you’ll have the
        HIGHER STANDARDS                                                          NOTES                                                          very best in the industry.
        Every Lund boat is built to meet or exceed rigorous                       Some photos of Lund boats in this catalog show fac-
        NMMA certification standards and Coast Guard                              tory and/or dealer installed options. Photographs are          • Lifetime Warranty on double-riveted seams
        regulations. But first, every Lund must pass the                          taken under controlled conditions. Colors are subject            (Aluminum)
        toughest test of all—our own standards for quality                        to printing limitations and are approximations only.           • Lifetime Warranty on all plywood panels,
        and craftsmanship.                                                                                                                         related materials and labor (Aluminum)
                                                                                  Because Lund is dedicated to constant product                  • Lifetime Warranty against structural hull
                                                                                                                                                   defects (Fiberglass)
        RESALE VALUE                                                              improvements, the specifications, options, color
                                                                                                                                                 • Three-Year 100 Percent Bow-to-Stern Parts
        When you buy a Lund boat, you become part of the                          selections and model availabilities of our boats are
                                                                                                                                                   and Labor, some exclusions apply—ask your
        Lund family and part of our tradition of excellence.                      subject to change without notification.
                                                                                                                                                   Lund dealer for details
        When it comes time to sell your Lund boat, your                                                                                          • Transferable*
        investment in Lund quality will be rewarded.                              ProTrak™ Cover Fastening System is patented
                                                                                    (Patent # 6,886,489)                                         Lund’s Three-Year Material and Workmanship
        LUND DEALERS                                                              Boat With Enhanced Access to Engine and Stern                  Warranty is transferable*—ask your Lund dealer
        Because we build the best boats on the water, we                            is patented (Patent # 6,935,266)                             for details.
        can afford to be selective with who sells them. When                      Boat With Recessed Shifter is patented
        you see the Lund sign hanging in the window, you                            (Patent # 6,971,328)                                         See dealer for full warranty details; standard
        know the dealer inside meets Lund’s strict standards                      Accessory Mounting System for a boat is                        exclusions apply.
        for customer satisfaction. Stop by any of our dealers,                      patent pending
        and you’ll see why they’ve earned the right to carry                      SportTrak™ Accessory Mounting System for a                     *Lifetime warranty on double-riveted seams,
        the Lund line.                                                              boat is patented (Patent # 7,341,231)                         plywood panel, and structural fiberglass hull
                                                                                                                                                  are non-transferable. Second owner receives
                                                                                                                                                  10-year pro-rated warranty.
        LUND PROFESSIONALS                                                        SPECIAL THANKS
        Without the dedicated efforts of the people at Lund                       Auger’s Pine View Resort, Lindner Media
        who build our boats and the professional anglers who                      Productions, Mercury Marine, MotorGuide,
        help design them, the Lund tradition of excellence                        Mr. Walleye Specialties, Plano Molding Company,
        would not be possible. Thank you.                                         Frabill, Gemini Sport Marketing, St. Croix Rods.
                                                                                                                                                 Lund Boat Company        Lund Boats Canada, Inc.
                                                                                                                                                 318 West Gilman St.      98 PTH 52 West
                                                                                                                                                 P.O. Box 248             Steinbach, MB
                                                                                                                                                 New York Mills, MN       R5G 1Y1
                                                                                                                                                 56567
                                                                                                                                                 218-385-2235

             Please follow the rules of safe boating, take a boating safety course, be courteous to others and respect the marine environment.   Visit us at www.lundboats.com
                                        Lund, a Brunswick Company. ©2018 Lund Boat Company. Printed in the USA.                                  For clothing, visit www.lundboats.com/gear




lu.fa18_Standards_Options.indd 1                                                                                                                                                          9/24/18 2:10 PM
                                  SECURE CHOICE




                                 To truly relax and enjoy your time on the water, you need to be confident that
                                 you have the right insurance. Boater’s Choice is one of the most respected
                                 names in boat insurance, offering broad coverage at competitive rates. And
                                 you have our guarantee that should you have a claim, our professionals can
                                 be reached 24/7 to assist you with prompt, professional, courteous service.

                                                               Exclusive Insurance Offer
                                                   Boater’s Choice is offering $10,000 worth of personal effects
                                                     coverage, including fishing equipment, free of charge.*

                                                * Offer available only on OneBeacon Policies. Underwriting restrictions apply.




                                                   For a no obligation quote, give us a call today.
                                                                         800-768-2121
                                                            www.boaterschoiceinsurance.com




lu.sp16.boaterchoice.ad.indd 1                                                                                                   9/14/18 1:39 PM
